the bread is top notch as well.	food	no	positive
i have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city.	service	no	positive
food is always fresh and hot- ready to eat!	food	no	positive
did i mention that the coffee is outstanding?	food	no	positive
certainly not the best sushi in new york, however, it is always fresh, and the place is very clean, sterile.	food	yes	neutral
certainly not the best sushi in new york, however, it is always fresh, and the place is very clean, sterile.	ambience	yes	positive
i trust the people at go sushi, it never disappoints.	misc	no	positive
straight-forward, no surprises, very decent japanese food.	food	no	positive
best spicy tuna roll, great asian salad.	food	no	positive
try the rose roll (not on menu).	food	no	positive
i love the drinks, esp lychee martini, and the food is also very good.	food	no	positive
in fact, this was not a nicoise salad and was barely eatable.	food	no	negative
while there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.	food	yes	positive
while there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.	service	yes	negative
once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.	food	no	positive
once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.	ambience	no	positive
our waiter was horrible so rude and disinterested.	service	no	negative
the sangria's - watered down.	food	no	negative
menu - uneventful, small.	food	no	negative
anytime and everytime i find myself in the neighborhood i will go to sushi rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price.	food	no	positive
anytime and everytime i find myself in the neighborhood i will go to sushi rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price.	price	no	positive
great food but the service was dreadful!	food	yes	positive
great food but the service was dreadful!	service	yes	negative
the portions of the food that came out were mediocre.	food	no	neutral
the two waitress's looked like they had been sucking on lemons.	service	no	negative
from the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at chelsea piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.	service	no	positive
from the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at chelsea piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.	misc	no	positive
we enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....	food	no	positive
we enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....	misc	no	positive
desserts are almost incredible my personal favorite is their tart of the day.	food	no	positive
i am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places i have tried with higher ratings.	misc	no	positive
maybe the secret was that we went on a sunday night and everything was great.	misc	no	positive
the food was extremely tasty, creatively presented and the wine excellent.	food	no	positive
we ended up in little italy in late afternoon.	misc	no	neutral
we were pleasantly surprised with our choice.	misc	no	positive
the lasagna was probably the best i have tasted.	food	no	positive
harumi sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in nyc.	food	no	positive
i highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.	food	no	positive
i highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.	service	no	positive
if you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.	food	no	positive
if you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.	ambience	no	positive
i definitely enjoyed the food as well.	food	no	positive
have always had a great time here.	misc	no	positive
it was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.	ambience	no	positive
it was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.	service	no	positive
it was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.	food	no	positive
you will be very happy with the experience.	misc	no	positive
the food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice.	food	no	positive
the food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice.	ambience	no	positive
how pretentious and inappropriate for mj grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners!	food	no	negative
two wasted steaks -- what a crime!	food	no	negative
the staff should be a bit more friendly.	service	no	negative
i absolutely suggest this place.	misc	no	positive
i think the meatball parm is good.	food	no	positive
if you want good tasting, well seasoned latin food eat at cabana and you can't go wrong.	food	no	positive
definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible.	food	no	positive
also, the staff is very attentive and really personable.	service	no	positive
overall, this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time i have been.	misc	no	positive
the gnocchi literally melts in your mouth!	food	no	positive
had a great experience at trio ... staff was pleasant food was tasty and large in portion size - i would highly recommend the portobello gorgonzola sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.	service	no	positive
had a great experience at trio ... staff was pleasant food was tasty and large in portion size - i would highly recommend the portobello gorgonzola sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.	food	no	positive
entrees include classics like lasagna, fettuccine alfredo and chicken parmigiana.	food	no	neutral
the food is good, the teriyaki i recommend.	food	no	positive
meal was very expensive for what you get.	food	no	negative
meal was very expensive for what you get.	price	no	negative
try the peanut butter sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese!	food	no	positive
good food at the right price, what more can you ask for.	food	no	positive
good food at the right price, what more can you ask for.	price	no	positive
we love it, and took buses and cabs to get there.	misc	no	positive
if you' re in new york, you do not want to miss this place.	misc	no	positive
the food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.	food	no	positive
the food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.	service	no	positive
the food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.	ambience	no	positive
i've been coming here on and off for the past five years and i have to say that la lanterna has never, ever dissapointed me.	misc	no	positive
great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all great beer!	food	no	positive
great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all great beer!	service	no	positive
great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all great beer!	ambience	no	positive
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.	food	no	positive
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.	price	no	positive
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.	ambience	no	positive
my husband and i moved to nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here, peasant has been our favorite!	misc	no	positive
the whole experience was satisfying.	misc	no	positive
however, it was worth the visit.	misc	no	positive
the menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced.	food	no	positive
the menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced.	price	no	positive
the food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used.	food	no	positive
this made it obvious that the food wasn't cooked fresh it was obviously made before hand and then reheated.	food	no	negative
appetizer are excellent here you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them.	food	no	positive
appetizer are excellent here you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them.	price	no	positive
the spicy mussels are a highlight.	food	no	positive
also get the onion rings -- best we've ever had.	food	no	positive
would not return for the amount we paid.	price	no	negative
however, being foodies, we were utterly disappointed with the food.	food	no	negative
huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.	food	no	positive
huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.	service	no	positive
huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.	price	no	positive
i was highly disappointed by their service and food.	service	no	negative
i was highly disappointed by their service and food.	food	no	negative
i complained to the waiter and then to the manager, but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up.	service	no	negative
the food is great and the milkshakes are even better!	food	no	positive
stay away if you're claustrophobic	ambience	no	negative
if you're in the 'hood, definitely stop in.	misc	no	positive
the mushroom barley soup is amazing.	food	no	positive
on the recommendation of a friend, i checked out arezzo with my wife.	misc	no	neutral
i'm glad i did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.	food	no	positive
i'm glad i did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.	service	no	positive
their duck here is also absolutely delicious.	food	no	positive
this is definitely one of the places that i have continued to come back to over the years.	misc	no	positive
while it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.	ambience	yes	negative
while it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.	food	yes	positive
one caveat some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh.	food	no	negative
i wasn't impressed and it wasn't spicey????	food	no	negative
the food was almost always excellent.	food	no	positive
i was pleasently surprised at the taste.	food	no	positive
a nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make mare a great choice for seafood lovers.	ambience	yes	neutral
a nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make mare a great choice for seafood lovers.	food	yes	positive
i never had an orange donut before so i gave it a shot.	food	no	neutral
they really provide a relaxing, laid-back atmosphere.	ambience	no	positive
this particular location certainly uses substandard meats.	food	no	negative
i stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway.	misc	no	neutral
the management was less than accomodating.	service	no	negative
the ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed.	ambience	no	positive
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade.	food	no	positive
mojitos and the service are the best part in there	food	no	positive
mojitos and the service are the best part in there	service	no	positive
sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are classic successes.	food	no	positive
this restaurant is absolutely beautiful.	misc	no	positive
the design is very intimate and romantic.	ambience	no	positive
the food was wonderful and imaginative.	food	no	positive
the staff is very sharp and they look good too.	service	no	positive
the worst though was the taste.	food	no	negative
they were dry, stale and pretty flavorless.	food	no	negative
the fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet.	food	no	negative
stay with the roasted chickens and you'll be fine.	food	no	positive
the atmosphere is warm, comfortable, artsy and sexy.	ambience	no	positive
the food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.	food	no	positive
the food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.	price	no	positive
the steak melted in my mouth.	food	no	positive
the food did take a few extra minutes to come, but the cute waiters' jokes and friendliness made up for it.	service	no	neutral
most importantly, it is reasonably priced.	price	no	positive
the selection of food is excellent (i'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great.	food	no	positive
the selection of food is excellent (i'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great.	ambience	no	positive
only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced and fell short on taste.	food	no	negative
only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced and fell short on taste.	price	no	negative
food was decent, but not great.	food	no	positive
i have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked.	misc	no	positive
from the moment you walk in, you feel like you're in the perfect place.	misc	no	positive
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about.	food	no	negative
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food.	food	no	positive
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food.	ambience	no	positive
i find that most kosher restaurants are average to good, but this has been the best i've eaten so far.	misc	no	positive
the waiters always look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars.	service	no	negative
the atmosphere is very nice, and a welcome escape from the rest of the si mall.	ambience	no	positive
yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.	price	yes	negative
yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.	food	yes	positive
not terrible, but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002.	misc	no	negative
i can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was well worth the money.	food	no	positive
i can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was well worth the money.	price	no	positive
it was delicious and large!	food	no	positive
anywhere else, the prices would be 3x as high!	price	no	positive
the service we experienced was friendly and good.	service	no	positive
our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with.	service	no	neutral
the folding chair i was seated at was uncomfortable.	ambience	no	negative
as we waited i watched 3 seperate groups of diners discuss how dissapointed they also were.	misc	no	negative
an excellent choice in midtown.	misc	no	positive
service was among the best i have ever had in nyc.	service	no	positive
the fettucino alfredo was amazing.	food	no	positive
the food was very good and i was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options.	food	no	positive
i know real indian food and this wasn't it.	food	no	negative
be sure to try the smoked trout...lamb chops, veal chops, rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...	food	no	positive
even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.	food	no	positive
even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.	service	no	positive
everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty.	food	no	positive
the waiters were very professional, courteous and attentive.	service	no	positive
my boyfriend and i went here last night and loved it!	misc	no	positive
the falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine.	food	no	neutral
i highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp, it's insanely good.	food	no	positive
we been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.	food	no	positive
we been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.	service	no	positive
desserts include flan and sopaipillas.	food	no	neutral
i was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy!	food	no	negative
the wait staff was loud and inconsiderate.	service	no	negative
however, the food and service and dramatically lacking.	food	no	negative
however, the food and service and dramatically lacking.	service	no	negative
the sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone.	food	no	negative
the service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot.	service	no	positive
the service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot.	food	no	positive
it had been awhile and i forgot just how delicious crepes can be.	food	no	positive
montparnasse's desserts--especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart--are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.	food	no	positive
my friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend.	misc	no	neutral
i had a delicious shrimp creole.	food	no	positive
the chicken dinner was real good.	food	no	positive
beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth.	food	no	negative
the decor is designed in a contemporary japanese style restaurant.	ambience	no	neutral
but the food was delicious.	food	no	positive
try the ribs, sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice.	food	no	positive
the only drawback is that it's a little pricey.	price	no	negative
everything about this place was wonderful.	misc	no	positive
the avocado salad is a personal fave.	food	no	positive
and, the honey bbq rib tips are yummy!	food	no	positive
the best chinese food uptown!	food	no	positive
service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy.	service	no	positive
the atmosphere is attractive, but a little uncomfortable.	ambience	no	neutral
the staff is very friendly.	service	no	positive
waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.	service	no	positive
waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.	food	no	positive
great wine list and great cocktail menu.	food	no	positive
the crab cakes are delicious and the bbq rib was perfect.	food	no	positive
the food is wonderful, artfully done and simply delicious.	food	no	positive
tiny restaurant with very fast service.	service	yes	positive
tiny restaurant with very fast service.	ambience	yes	neutral
the sauce may not be for everyone, since it is distintive.	food	no	neutral
my husband and i have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts.	service	no	positive
my husband and i have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts.	price	no	positive
a beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and or appetizers.	ambience	no	positive
curioni's pizza has been around since the 1920's.	misc	no	neutral
they make the best pizza in new jersey.	food	no	positive
i recently visited over this past summer after being away for a year.	misc	no	neutral
what a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.	service	no	positive
what a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.	food	no	positive
frankly, the chinese food here is something i can make better at home.	food	no	negative
there was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs.	service	no	negative
we started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate.	food	no	neutral
not to be overlooked, the service is excellent.	service	no	positive
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had.	food	no	negative
the staff is unbelievably friendly, and i dream about their saag gosht...so good.	service	no	positive
the staff is unbelievably friendly, and i dream about their saag gosht...so good.	food	no	positive
i also recommend the garlic knots.	food	no	positive
best indian food i have ever eaten.	food	no	positive
you won't be dissapointed.	misc	no	positive
this place has the best pizza.	food	no	positive
culinaria is a welcome addition to the garment district- far better than any restaurant in the area.	misc	no	positive
the music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste.	ambience	no	negative
the service is excellent and always informative without an air.	service	no	positive
the owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable.	service	no	positive
i can't stand this dungeon.	ambience	no	negative
the sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied.	food	no	positive
the food was great - sushi was good, but the cooked food amazed us.	food	no	positive
their dinner specials are fantastic.	food	no	positive
delish and made to your liking!	food	no	positive
great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.	food	no	positive
great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.	ambience	no	positive
for the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other japanese restaurants.	price	no	negative
for the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other japanese restaurants.	food	no	negative
food portion was small and below average.	food	no	negative
do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all cost!	misc	no	negative
since the first time i came here i've been hooked.	misc	no	positive
sit back in one of those comfortable chairs.	ambience	no	positive
people in the neighborhood seem to love it, too.	misc	no	positive
in conclusion, this place sucks!!!	misc	no	negative
my favs here are the tacos pastor and the tostada de tinga...	food	no	positive
nick stef's is one of the only places worthy of going in the area, so if you happen to be by madison square garden or herald's square check it out!	misc	no	positive
have to tell you not at all impressed.	misc	no	negative
the bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.	service	no	positive
the bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.	ambience	no	positive
for a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal, try the hot and sour soup.	food	no	positive
this bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.	food	no	positive
this bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.	ambience	no	positive
this bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.	service	no	positive
also, the chick peas with shrimp (appetizer) is divine.	food	no	positive
finally, i got sick of the bad service, obnoxious smirks, and snotty back talk.	service	no	negative
how have i never been to agave before?	misc	no	positive
you're going to drop some coin, but completely worth it, especially if you are looking to impress someone.	price	no	neutral
we ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome.	food	no	positive
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries.	food	no	positive
if you're looking for authentic hong kong-style food, look no further.	food	no	positive
my wife i lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the ues.	misc	no	neutral
good food good wine that's it.	food	no	positive
a nice find in the neighborhood.	misc	no	positive
the staff was extremely friendly and pleasant.	service	no	positive
and as soon as one person is done, she asked to pick up the plate immediately.	service	no	negative
this place is italian, not french.	misc	no	neutral
after so many great reviews here, my bf and i went to esca to celebrate my birthday last nite.	misc	no	neutral
while their kitchen food is delicious, their sushi is out of this world.	food	no	positive
there was a heat problem to boot, so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats!	ambience	no	negative
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.	service	no	positive
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.	ambience	no	positive
it's traditional, simple italian food.	food	no	positive
my girlfriend and i just spent our 10 month anniversary at lou lou.	misc	no	neutral
the food is all-around good, with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi sashimi not quite on the same level.	food	no	positive
(the sashimi is cut a little thinly.	food	no	negative
bay terrace mall is nothing (ok, almost nothing) without it!	misc	no	positive
could have had better for 1 3 the price in chinatown.	price	no	negative
my husband and i had a blast.	misc	no	positive
personally i say save your money.	misc	no	negative
in addition to great hot dogs, dotp has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and english muffins, a delicious nj-based pork product know to us jersey girls and boys as taylor ham.	food	no	positive
believe me, they live up to the name.	misc	no	positive
well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.	service	no	negative
not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.	service	no	positive
not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.	ambience	no	positive
when the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely not edible by a human.	food	no	negative
the absolute worst service i've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).	service	no	negative
the absolute worst service i've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).	food	no	negative
it's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in.	price	no	neutral
it's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in.	service	no	neutral
they are by far the best past in new york.	misc	no	positive
i have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance.	misc	no	neutral
everything is very cheap.	price	no	positive
be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions.	food	no	positive
the food is great and the prices are reasonable.	food	no	positive
the food is great and the prices are reasonable.	price	no	positive
the place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!	ambience	no	positive
the place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!	food	no	positive
you'll see a lot of people eating there after church.	misc	no	neutral
i had roast chicken and a salad.	food	no	neutral
i've been a regular customer at juice generation for the last 3 months - my office moved to the film center on ninth avenue and they are on the next block.	misc	no	neutral
they have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well.	food	no	positive
it's the kind of place i like to support!	misc	no	positive
but the meals were terrible.	food	no	negative
my chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful.	food	no	negative
malted milk ball gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful?	food	no	positive
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications.	misc	no	positive
way too much money for such a terrible meal.	price	no	negative
way too much money for such a terrible meal.	food	no	negative
would not recommend anyone to go.	misc	no	negative
however, the service is absolutely horrible.	service	no	negative
a con was the slow bar service.	service	no	negative
dessert was also to die for!	food	no	positive
btw, the service is very good .	service	no	positive
we loved it and will go back!	misc	no	positive
i came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience.	misc	no	positive
it's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger.	food	no	neutral
the unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.	ambience	no	negative
the unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.	price	no	negative
the unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.	food	no	negative
we'll definitly be back again!	misc	no	positive
this is the best italian restaurant in the city.	misc	no	positive
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends.	ambience	no	positive
the service is always great, and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy.	service	no	positive
because the waiters need severe attitue adjustments.	service	no	negative
there are numerous shavue restaurants in la, but few out here.	misc	no	neutral
horrible experience - stay away!	misc	no	negative
if this restaurant was in manhattan, i would definitely go more often.	misc	no	positive
the food is delicious and highly recommended.	food	no	positive
when it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time, walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted...excuse me but isn't that his job???	service	no	negative
one of my fav spots in the city.	misc	no	positive
over priced, overrated....stay away!	price	no	negative
over priced, overrated....stay away!	misc	no	negative
do not go to this restaurant.	misc	no	negative
since i was in the neighborhood, we made sure to give this a try.	misc	no	neutral
all i can say is they are fantastic.	misc	no	positive
dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters.	food	no	positive
so for a filling and healthy meal give it a go.	food	no	positive
i can't imagine how much worse it would have been if we'd gone at a prime time!	misc	no	negative
i have dined at mammino several times now and each time it gets bettter.	misc	no	positive
definitely something to come down and check out.	misc	no	positive
since i cook for a living, i'm very fussy about the food i eat in restaurants.	misc	no	neutral
the service was outstanding.	service	no	positive
i went for restaurant week.	misc	no	neutral
my friends and i stop here for pizza before hitting the kips bay movie theater.	misc	no	neutral
we always enjoy the pizza.	food	no	positive
the service is pretty good.	service	no	positive
i went there with a few friends and will return.	misc	no	positive
this place has been around for a few years.	misc	no	neutral
yum, the chicken is great here.	food	no	positive
i highly recommend this restaurant!!	misc	no	positive
you will find everything about trio to your liking!	misc	no	positive
this place was the worst.	misc	no	negative
i ordered from here last week.	misc	no	neutral
this is a nice sushi restaurant in brooklyn that's located on 86 street, right underneath the train station.	misc	no	positive
the food here was great, a treat from beginning to end.	food	no	positive
the host (owner) and servers are personable and caring.	service	no	positive
i decided to try out this place after hearing about it in many magazines.	misc	no	neutral
it's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.	food	no	positive
it's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.	ambience	no	positive
it's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.	service	no	positive
having moved i truly miss this place.	misc	no	positive
the food is very good and the service is great.	food	no	positive
the food is very good and the service is great.	service	no	positive
i usually get one the vietnamese beef noodle soup.	food	no	neutral
sum it local investment bankers like it, try for yourself at least once.	misc	no	positive
i started going to dosa hut more after that.	misc	no	positive
we were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable?	misc	no	negative
too bad, has a lot of potential.	misc	no	neutral
this place has the best indian food in new york, hands down.	food	no	positive
the waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you.	service	no	positive
intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.	ambience	no	positive
intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.	service	no	positive
the food was as creative as the decor and both worked.	food	no	positive
the food was as creative as the decor and both worked.	ambience	no	positive
siam square is fairly new to the neighborhood and i think in time will gain the recognition it deserves.	misc	no	positive
my first experience at siam square was very pleasant.	misc	no	positive
i have gone back to siam square many times since and everytime i am very satisfied overall.	misc	no	positive
the menu is great, with a good selection, and everything that i have tried is absolutely delicious.	food	no	positive
we had our christmas party at dos caminos and it was wonderful.	misc	no	positive
my personal favorite is nick and joe's.	misc	no	positive
the sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy.	food	no	positive
this place has the best sushi in the city.	food	no	positive
they have an excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really great).	food	no	positive
everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful.	service	no	positive
and the food is fantastic.	food	no	positive
favourites include potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb.	food	no	positive
another great thing about glechik-everything is very cheap!	price	no	positive
unfortunately, we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the south st seaport.	misc	no	negative
but regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here.	food	no	positive
the skillfully chosen portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect iberian ending.	food	no	positive
my friend had a burger and i had these wonderful blueberry pancakes.	food	no	positive
we were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill.	food	no	positive
we were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill.	price	no	positive
i would definitely come back to this restaurant.	misc	no	positive
the place just isn't ready for prime time.	misc	no	negative
all toppings are so fresh you'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect, that one actually thinks of how it was made.	food	no	positive
quartino is my favoriate resturant in nyc.	misc	no	positive
we've always gotten amazing service and we love the food.	service	no	positive
we've always gotten amazing service and we love the food.	food	no	positive
the waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.	service	no	positive
the waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.	food	no	positive
i'm in love with the lobster ravioli!	food	no	positive
my order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes (at the most) of hanging up the phone.	service	no	positive
we came across this restaurant by accident while at a dumbo art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal.	food	no	positive
service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.	service	no	positive
service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.	price	no	positive
service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.	food	no	positive
i thought the food isn't cheap at all compared to chinatown.	price	no	negative
and you never get the feeling that you need to leave.	misc	no	positive
coffee is a better deal than overpriced cosi sandwiches.	price	no	neutral
we didn't know if we should order a drink or leave?	misc	no	neutral
great neighbhorhood spot.	misc	no	positive
bobb v's is a great place to take your friends and family!	misc	no	positive
) it's not the best japanese restaurant in the east village, but it's a pretty solid one for its modest prices, and worth repeat visits.	price	yes	positive
) it's not the best japanese restaurant in the east village, but it's a pretty solid one for its modest prices, and worth repeat visits.	misc	yes	neutral
the food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.	food	yes	positive
the food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.	service	yes	negative
here's the thing, you're in the best city in the world for restaurants.	misc	no	positive
go spend your money somewhere that really wows you.	misc	no	neutral
the crowd was older and the restaurant is very cramped, but it has old school charm.	ambience	no	neutral
this is a real gem of a place.	misc	no	positive
i think this a a wonderful place.	misc	no	positive
first walking in the place seemed to have great ambience.	ambience	no	positive
i went to kitchenette this weekend for brunch.	misc	no	neutral
this place doesn't get the publicity that sylvias soul food restaurant does, but it should.	misc	no	positive
just because p diddy had a party at butter doesn't mean we should be automatically impressed.	misc	no	negative
even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home (it reheats really well also).	food	no	positive
like i said, nick and joe's may not be everyone's favorite, but it's mine.	misc	no	positive
the help was extremely nice and did not rush us.	service	no	positive
then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust, around a raw and cold inside.	food	no	negative
it's just good food, nothing more and that's all we want!	food	no	positive
don't know what the others on the block were like but we were pleased with our choice.	misc	no	positive
average cake thats been courted by a lot of hype.	food	no	negative
it's cute and simple and i loved it.	misc	no	positive
my wife and i recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience.	misc	no	positive
the service is perfect too nothing wrong in this italian french restaurant	service	no	positive
the service is perfect too nothing wrong in this italian french restaurant	misc	no	positive
my fiance and i recently wanted to see the city and deceided to take a dinner cruise.	misc	no	neutral
the $72 delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order.	food	no	negative
the $72 delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order.	price	no	negative
everytime i go there i can't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat.	food	no	negative
half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $6.25.	price	no	positive
the service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great.	service	no	positive
the service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great.	price	no	positive
we were very impressed with the food and value.	food	no	positive
we were very impressed with the food and value.	price	no	positive
you must try the garlic soup!	food	no	positive
casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive.	food	no	positive
casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive.	price	no	positive
even after a few bad evenings at bardolino, i keep coming back.	misc	no	neutral
the pizza's are made fresh, crispy, and ready to serve.	food	no	positive
there are many french bistros in the midtown area, and i wholheartedly recommend this one.	misc	no	positive
staff is accomodating make sure you are satified.	service	no	positive
chef waldy's always measures up.	food	no	positive
this diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train.	misc	no	positive
being a vegan myself, i've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in manhattan--and zen palate is easily my favorite.	misc	no	positive
don pedro's is one of my favorite restaurants.	misc	no	positive
reasonably priced with very fresh sushi.	price	no	positive
reasonably priced with very fresh sushi.	food	no	positive
go for the seafood paella for two.	food	no	positive
all of the apetizers are good and the sangria is very good.	food	no	positive
cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre italian restaurants.	misc	no	positive
the one positive thing i can say is that the service was prompt, we got seated right away and the server was very friendly.	service	no	positive
the staff greeted me warmly at the door and i was seated promptly and the food was excellent.	service	no	positive
the staff greeted me warmly at the door and i was seated promptly and the food was excellent.	food	no	positive
whether one pizza place is better than another is often very subjective.	misc	no	neutral
really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date.	misc	no	positive
service is usually pretty good.	service	no	positive
host and hostess was quite rude.	service	no	negative
you will not be missing anything.	misc	no	negative
i discovered applebees when i went away to college in va.	misc	no	neutral
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at leon last weekend was great -.	service	no	positive
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at leon last weekend was great -.	food	no	positive
i recommend any of their salmon dishes......	food	no	positive
the foie gras was sweet and luscious.	food	no	positive
the menu, which changes seasonally, shows both regional and international influences.	food	no	neutral
but their mac cheese was yummy!	food	no	positive
their brunch menu had something for everyone.	food	no	positive
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more.	ambience	no	positive
i often find myself with time to kill in times square, which is a shame since i don't love this area.	misc	no	negative
they have very quick service which is great when you don't have much time.	service	no	positive
the food is average breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.	food	no	neutral
i was highly disappointed by the food.	food	no	negative
the banana pudding they serve has never seen an oven,the crabcakes are way over salted and don't get me started on the very greasy mac and cheese.	food	no	negative
the staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for brooklyn.	service	no	negative
the staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for brooklyn.	price	no	negative
this place is average... at best.	misc	no	negative
the service is prompt friendly.	service	no	positive
whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be.	misc	no	positive
this is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food.	food	no	positive
the downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill...	ambience	no	positive
the food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, i just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100 person)...	food	yes	positive
the food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, i just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100 person)...	price	yes	negative
i've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend's birthday and i always enjoy myself.	misc	no	positive
if you are a tequila fan you will not be disappointed.	food	no	positive
great beer selection too, something like 50 beers.	food	no	positive
after reading the great reviews, i invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at taste.	misc	no	neutral
not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary.	service	no	negative
feels like family when we go there.	misc	no	positive
i found the food to be just as good as its owner, da silvano, just much less expensive.	food	no	positive
i found the food to be just as good as its owner, da silvano, just much less expensive.	price	no	positive
i found the food to be just as good as its owner, da silvano, just much less expensive.	service	no	positive
they have homemade pastas of all kinds -- i recommend the gnocchi -- yum!	food	no	positive
my vegetable risotto was burnt, and infused totally in a burnt flavor.	food	no	negative
what a pleasant surprise!	misc	no	positive
the main draw of this place is the price.	price	no	positive
how can hope to stay in business with service like this?	service	no	negative
but dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.	food	yes	positive
but dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.	price	yes	negative
not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!	food	no	positive
the homemade guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most amazing deserts.	food	no	positive
the sushi is reasonably priced and fresh.	food	no	positive
the sushi is reasonably priced and fresh.	price	no	positive
it's no-fuss, fast and delicious.	food	no	positive
it's no-fuss, fast and delicious.	service	no	positive
it's no-fuss, fast and delicious.	ambience	no	positive
save room for deserts - they're to die for.	food	no	positive
best things to order are from the grill (churrasco and ribs).	food	no	positive
the traditional italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.	food	no	positive
the traditional italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.	price	no	positive
the traditional italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.	ambience	no	positive
whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy.	food	no	positive
last tuesday for a late lunch with a friend.	misc	no	neutral
it was delish and i didn't feel bad eating it.	food	no	positive
another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese.	service	no	negative
our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine.	service	no	negative
the service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.	service	no	negative
the service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.	food	no	negative
the service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.	misc	no	negative
no doubt the next time we want to go out for a special occasion or are entertaining guests from out of town, spirit and bateaux will be our destination.	misc	no	positive
i would recommend jewel bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too.	misc	no	negative
the ambiance was pretty cool, but not worth the hassle.	ambience	yes	neutral
the ambiance was pretty cool, but not worth the hassle.	misc	yes	negative
the unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad (including asking for salad dressing) and was instead given a quesedilla.	service	no	negative
el nidos one of the best restaurants in new york which i've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's.	food	no	positive
el nidos one of the best restaurants in new york which i've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's.	misc	no	positive
the service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.	service	no	negative
the service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.	food	no	negative
the service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.	price	no	negative
the service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.	misc	no	negative
although i moved uptown i try to stop in as often as possible for the great cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.	food	no	positive
although i moved uptown i try to stop in as often as possible for the great cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.	price	no	positive
although i moved uptown i try to stop in as often as possible for the great cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.	service	no	positive
i had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes	misc	no	neutral
chef vincenzo, always there if you need him, is a real talent and a real roman.	food	no	positive
if you're looking to taste some great indian food and want good service, definitely visit curry leaf.	food	no	positive
if you're looking to taste some great indian food and want good service, definitely visit curry leaf.	service	no	positive
you must try odessa stew or rabbit stew salads-all good and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).	food	no	positive
you must try odessa stew or rabbit stew salads-all good and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).	misc	no	positive
my daughter and i left feeling satisfied (not stuffed) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch.	food	no	positive
i'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so i can keep the crowds away...been going there on and off for a year now and it's really my fave hang out in the city.	misc	no	positive
when she complained, the waitress said, sorry.	service	no	neutral
the quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store.	food	no	negative
they specialize in smoothies and fresh juices.	food	no	positive
it first came well done, and i politely sent it back.	food	no	negative
i recommend the black roasted codfish, it was the best dish of the evening.	food	no	positive
the manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.	service	no	negative
the manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.	misc	no	negative
in mi burrito, here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste.	food	no	negative
during busy hrs, i recommend that you make a reservation.	misc	no	neutral
don't waste your time or your money.	misc	no	negative
it's good but, like the movie is never as good as the book, this is same analogy.	misc	no	neutral
it was a very warm experience.	misc	no	positive
i went to common stock for brunch and i was so impressed.	misc	no	positive
now called nikki sushi, sushi is ok.	food	no	neutral
the food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.	food	no	positive
the food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.	service	no	positive
i just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's so worth it.	price	yes	neutral
i just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's so worth it.	misc	yes	positive
from the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate, the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care.	food	no	positive
the food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe.	food	no	positive
the food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe.	ambience	no	positive
expectations were real hi reading the '10's'.	misc	no	neutral
there's candlelight and music.	ambience	no	neutral
it's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours (especially in downtown brooklyn).	misc	no	positive
simple healthy unglamorous food cheap.	food	no	positive
simple healthy unglamorous food cheap.	price	no	positive
it was such a fantastic dining experience, that i returned again the same week.	misc	no	positive
to be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy.	food	no	positive
to be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy.	service	no	positive
the place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious.	ambience	no	positive
the place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious.	food	no	positive
i ordered the chicken teriyaki and my husband got garlic shrimp.	food	no	neutral
i've had better japanese food at a mall food court.	food	no	negative
the staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when i dropped it outside.	service	no	positive
cool atmosphere but such a let down.	ambience	yes	positive
cool atmosphere but such a let down.	misc	yes	negative
the sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people, but i didn't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat.	food	no	neutral
they have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients.	food	no	positive
had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.	food	no	positive
had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.	service	no	positive
the icing made this cake, it was fluffy, not ultra sweet, creamy and light.	food	no	positive
finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.	price	no	negative
finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.	service	no	negative
finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.	misc	no	negative
we ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.	service	no	negative
we ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.	misc	no	negative
the wine list is extensive, well priced and covers alot of regions.	food	no	positive
the wine list is extensive, well priced and covers alot of regions.	price	no	positive
go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine.	food	no	positive
everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!	misc	no	positive
everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!	ambience	no	positive
speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.	service	no	positive
speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.	food	no	positive
speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.	price	no	positive
they have waiters on the sidewalk trying to pull you in which made us suspicious.	misc	no	negative
it was our only opportunity to visit and wanted an authentic italian meal.	misc	no	neutral
it took 100 years for parisi to get around to making pizza (at least i don't think they ever made it before this year)...but it was worth the wait.	food	yes	positive
it took 100 years for parisi to get around to making pizza (at least i don't think they ever made it before this year)...but it was worth the wait.	misc	yes	neutral
i asked for a simple medium rare steak.	food	no	neutral
generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts--are equally scrumptious.	food	no	positive
probably my worst dining experience in new york, and i'm a former waiter so i know what i'm talking about.	misc	no	negative
result (red velvet) great texture, soft and velvety, nice hint of cocoa.	food	no	positive
ask for the round corner table next to the large window.	misc	no	positive
their twist on pizza is heatlhy, but full of flavor.	food	no	positive
the lack of ac and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.	ambience	yes	negative
the lack of ac and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.	misc	yes	neutral
i love the little pie company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the grand central location due to their rude service from two sales people.	misc	yes	neutral
i love the little pie company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the grand central location due to their rude service from two sales people.	service	yes	negative
unfortunately, unless you live in the neighborhood, it's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure.	misc	no	neutral
didn't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food.	food	no	negative
the food--though mostly deep-fried--is simple and satisfying.	food	no	positive
we live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened.	misc	no	neutral
glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by russian standards, but it is cozy and the food is simply great.	ambience	yes	neutral
glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by russian standards, but it is cozy and the food is simply great.	food	yes	positive
the food was excellent - authentic italian cuisine made absolutely fresh.	food	no	positive
at night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered.	ambience	no	positive
the other times i've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a vip in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.	ambience	no	positive
the other times i've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a vip in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.	food	no	positive
the other times i've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a vip in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.	service	no	positive
i would only go for the coffee which is way better than starbucks or the like.	food	no	positive
i used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it.	misc	no	neutral
somewhat disappointing wine list (only new vintages.	food	no	negative
both were very good, but nothing you couldn't get at similar restaurant.	misc	no	neutral
if your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap bx a$$ this is the place to be!!	food	no	negative
if your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap bx a$$ this is the place to be!!	price	no	negative
if your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap bx a$$ this is the place to be!!	ambience	no	negative
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac!	food	no	neutral
perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- generous portions.	food	no	positive
i can understand the prices if it served better food, like some chinese restaurants in midtown uptown area.	price	no	negative
i can understand the prices if it served better food, like some chinese restaurants in midtown uptown area.	food	no	negative
service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a saturday night.	service	no	negative
service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a saturday night.	misc	no	negative
to the owners good job guys, this place is a keeper!	misc	no	positive
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly.	service	no	positive
this little place is wonderfully warm welcoming.	ambience	no	positive
perfect for a quick meal.	misc	no	positive
has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events.	ambience	no	positive
the service was great, and they have a whole great deal for birthdays.	service	no	positive
the service was great, and they have a whole great deal for birthdays.	price	no	positive
the staff is 100% italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.	service	no	positive
the staff is 100% italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.	food	no	positive
my only complaint might be the fortune cookies - i've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before i visited kar.	misc	no	negative
good for a quick sushi lunch.	misc	no	positive
have a mojito and sit in the back patio.	food	no	positive
have a mojito and sit in the back patio.	ambience	no	positive
the service was dreadfully slow (the place was only half full) and a smile would have been nice...	service	no	negative
i went this past saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes.	food	no	positive
the waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce while we were eating our lunch!!!!!	service	no	negative
so we sat at the bar, the bartender didn't seem like he wanted to be there.	service	no	negative
i reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken beef, and the fried rice.	food	no	positive
you will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu.	food	no	positive
the french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific!	food	no	positive
would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for?	service	no	negative
the boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing.	food	no	neutral
if you're lucky and there's not a private party going on back there, you'll get a chance to really chill out.	ambience	no	neutral
they also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional mediterranean fare.	food	no	positive
fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.	food	no	positive
disappointingly, their wonderful saketini has been taken off the bar menu.	food	no	neutral
in short the black sheep distinguishes itself from the midtown pub herd with a look that's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch.	ambience	no	negative
i would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.	food	no	positive
i would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.	misc	no	positive
they are located off the beaten path but are certainly worth the trip.	misc	no	neutral
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.	service	yes	negative
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.	misc	yes	positive
the happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.	price	no	positive
the happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.	service	no	positive
the happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.	ambience	no	positive
after waiting for almost an hour, the waiter brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order.	service	no	negative
with all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.	ambience	no	positive
with all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.	misc	no	positive
a mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.	ambience	yes	negative
a mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.	food	yes	positive
a mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.	price	yes	positive
give it a try, menu is typical french but varied.	food	yes	neutral
give it a try, menu is typical french but varied.	misc	yes	positive
it gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.	ambience	yes	neutral
it gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.	service	yes	positive
but for the value, it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group.	price	no	positive
but for the value, it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group.	ambience	no	positive
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.	service	no	positive
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.	food	no	positive
we ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.	service	yes	negative
we ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.	food	yes	neutral
it was good, but none of the flavors wow.	food	no	neutral
overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.	service	no	positive
overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.	ambience	no	positive
food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price.	food	no	positive
food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price.	price	no	positive
actually, everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed.	misc	no	negative
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.	price	no	positive
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.	food	no	positive
the space is traditional in feel.	ambience	no	neutral
the restaurant was completely empty, but she gave me a dirty look and asked, no reservations?	service	no	negative
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.	food	no	negative
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.	ambience	no	negative
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.	service	no	negative
good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!	service	no	positive
good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!	food	no	positive
good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!	price	no	positive
offerings like hot cakes and the egg mcmuffin sandwich are available for breakfast.	food	no	neutral
i have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.	service	yes	neutral
i have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.	food	yes	negative
the music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.	ambience	no	positive
the music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.	food	no	positive
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night!	food	no	positive
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night!	price	no	positive
cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill.	price	no	negative
cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill.	food	no	negative
creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.	food	no	positive
dishes denoted as "roy's classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.	food	no	positive
the cold sesame noodles, which are a freebie when you order $10+, are delectable.	food	no	positive
the cold sesame noodles, which are a freebie when you order $10+, are delectable.	price	no	positive
i came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all i got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.	ambience	no	negative
i came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all i got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.	food	no	negative
the lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored italian sausage like the ones that sell for $2.99 lb at the store.	price	no	negative
the lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored italian sausage like the ones that sell for $2.99 lb at the store.	food	no	negative
i went to swiftys with some friends of the family and we had a very nice dinner, but nothing amazing.	misc	no	neutral
best chinese on the upper east, prompt delivery, good value.	service	no	positive
best chinese on the upper east, prompt delivery, good value.	price	no	positive
best chinese on the upper east, prompt delivery, good value.	misc	no	positive
most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good.	food	no	positive
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess.	service	no	negative
it's worthwhile to take a cab to chelsea just for an awesome dinner at my chelsea.	misc	no	positive
not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.	food	no	positive
not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.	service	no	positive
it has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.	ambience	no	positive
it has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.	food	no	positive
the food is great, i love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.	food	no	positive
and the food, well the food will keep you coming back.	food	no	positive
waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well.	service	no	negative
it's the conversations that make this a fun place to be.	ambience	no	positive
my gf's duck confitte was very solid as well, although i have little base of reference.	food	no	positive
the wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.	food	no	positive
the wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.	ambience	no	positive
you can eat gourmet food at a fast food price.	food	no	positive
you can eat gourmet food at a fast food price.	price	no	positive
i've eaten at all three locations and i always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.	food	no	positive
i've eaten at all three locations and i always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.	service	no	positive
i've eaten at all three locations and i always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.	price	no	positive
not because i was pregnant, but the food here is always delicious.	food	no	positive
had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies!	food	no	positive
we had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.	food	no	positive
we had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.	service	no	positive
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.	food	no	positive
this place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food.	food	no	negative
the appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.	food	yes	neutral
the appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.	service	yes	negative
the food - not worth the price.	price	no	negative
the food - not worth the price.	food	no	negative
what can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree, then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way).	service	no	negative
the prices are not terrible.	price	no	positive
15% gratuity automatically added to the bill.	price	no	negative
the halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras, but that's about the only positive thing i can say about the meal.	food	no	neutral
food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.	food	no	positive
both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing.	food	no	positive
all-time favorites include the big mac, chicken mcnuggets, filet-o-fish sandwich and mcdonald's famous french fries lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.	food	no	positive
although somewhat loud, the noise was minimally intrusive.	ambience	no	neutral
it's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what i go for.	ambience	yes	neutral
it's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what i go for.	food	yes	positive
tables are close, so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons.	ambience	no	negative
was her monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel.	misc	no	positive
not too much so, but enough that there's a great scene.	ambience	no	positive
you feel like you made it to new york when you eat here.	misc	no	positive
we'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a monday night.	misc	no	neutral
sum it don't read the '10's' reviews, try it to judge for yourself so you won't have as hi expectations, then you'll be sure to enjoy it.	misc	no	positive
we went there, no one greeted us.	service	no	negative
dug the blue bar area too.	ambience	no	positive
we spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left.	ambience	no	negative
i got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago, i was in your upstrairs dining area.	misc	no	neutral
meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.	food	no	positive
at peak times, the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close.	ambience	no	negative
the service was on point - what else you would expect from a ritz?	service	no	positive
menus feature seasonal picks, like sweet corn-foie gras brulee.	food	no	neutral
innovations are just as assured, from the simple carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce.	food	no	positive
and these are not small, wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real, full sized patties.	food	no	positive
there restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast.	ambience	no	positive
there restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast.	service	no	positive
chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices.	food	no	positive
chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices.	price	no	positive
i had to flag down a third staff person for a fork... so now it's goodbye little rude pie company.	service	no	negative
i have been in nyc for over 10 years and could not find this delicacy east of the hudson .	misc	no	positive
go with the specials, and stay away from the salmon.	food	no	neutral
the pastas were pretty good.	food	no	positive
atmosphere is a bore.	ambience	no	negative
the decor is what initially got me in the door.	ambience	no	positive
the wait staff was very attentive and polite.	service	no	positive
great restaurant, and even greater food!	food	no	positive
great restaurant, and even greater food!	misc	no	positive
the dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place!	food	no	positive
the dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place!	ambience	no	positive
save room for the desserts! -)	food	no	positive
i love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.	food	no	positive
i love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.	service	no	positive
service was good and so was the atmosphere.	service	no	positive
service was good and so was the atmosphere.	ambience	no	positive
my date and i both ordered the branzini and both felt the fish was very average.	food	no	negative
we were there march 7 and found maison very nice.	misc	no	positive
the food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable.	food	no	positive
the food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable.	service	no	positive
the food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable.	price	no	positive
wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the food keeps me coming back!	food	no	positive
wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the food keeps me coming back!	ambience	no	positive
wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the food keeps me coming back!	service	no	positive
great food, good wine and an excellent host.	food	no	positive
great food, good wine and an excellent host.	service	no	positive
went there last night with my coworker.	misc	no	neutral
pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses.	food	no	positive
definitely try the calamari, any pasta, or even the sliced steak entree.	food	no	positive
the caeser salad was great.	food	no	positive
the fried calamari was even better!	food	no	positive
the atmosphere was nice but it was a little too dark.	ambience	no	neutral
the food was good overall.	food	no	positive
the food was outstanding and the service was tops.	food	no	positive
the food was outstanding and the service was tops.	service	no	positive
the portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!	food	no	positive
the portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!	service	no	positive
i recomend the chicken milanese.	food	no	positive
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent	food	no	positive
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent	price	no	positive
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent	ambience	no	positive
the service is a quite slow, but friendly.	service	no	neutral
the chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly- not too sweet, but full of flavor.	food	no	positive
our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.	service	no	positive
our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.	food	no	positive
alias is warm and cozy and you don't get that squished-in feeling you get at 71 clinton.	ambience	no	positive
i have never had a bad meal(or bad service ) pigalle.	food	no	positive
i have never had a bad meal(or bad service ) pigalle.	service	no	positive
best hot dogs in the tri-state area.	food	no	positive
this is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business!	misc	no	negative
i would not recommend meet at all, it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in!	misc	no	negative
went there for a special celebration.	misc	no	neutral
the restaurant was quiet and intimate.	ambience	no	positive
the service was very attentive and very generous.	service	no	positive
we had tons of great food, wine, and desserts.	food	no	positive
really lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area.	misc	no	positive
ok, i've been to dumont a few times now.	misc	no	neutral
the food really isn't very good and the service is terrible.	food	no	negative
the food really isn't very good and the service is terrible.	service	no	negative
maybe it's that most of dumont's patrons are younger and have lower expectations, but i cannot recommend dumont.	misc	no	negative
not only do they have the best escargot in town,they always try to accomodate our toddler.	food	no	positive
not only do they have the best escargot in town,they always try to accomodate our toddler.	service	no	positive
i've been to sotto voce several time, and i have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time!	misc	no	positive
between my guest and i, we sampled at least 80% of the menu, and they were all hits.	food	no	positive
the deco and ambiance was really romantic.	ambience	no	positive
this is the best unknown restaurant in and around new york.	misc	no	positive
just go in and sample the greatest french food west of daniel.	food	no	positive
for someone who used to hate indian food, baluchi's has changed my mid.	food	no	positive
finally a curry that i can eat, enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later.	food	no	positive
all are great - poori, naan, paratha all fresh.	food	no	positive
try the homemade breads.	food	no	positive
this place has beautiful sushi, and it's delicious cheap.	food	no	positive
this place has beautiful sushi, and it's delicious cheap.	price	no	positive
it also has lots of other korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy.	food	no	positive
it also has lots of other korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy.	price	no	positive
i went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu	food	no	neutral
not only was the waiter efficient and courteous, but also extremely helpful.	service	no	positive
it took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - i would not reccomend this to anyone that i would want to talk to me again!!	price	no	negative
it took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - i would not reccomend this to anyone that i would want to talk to me again!!	food	no	negative
it took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - i would not reccomend this to anyone that i would want to talk to me again!!	misc	no	negative
this place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.	ambience	no	positive
this place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.	service	no	positive
this place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.	food	no	positive
i read about this place in time out magazine.	misc	no	neutral
it's a great find in astoria.	misc	no	positive
great burgers, grilled cheeses and french fries.	food	no	positive
the yellowfin tuna and calf's liver are my favorites!	food	no	positive
sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth.	food	no	positive
but make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet.	price	no	negative
despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick i also love.	ambience	no	positive
they bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (i tried them all).	food	no	positive
not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy (try the duck!	food	no	positive
good variety but nothing surprising.	food	no	neutral
after i paid for my purchase, i noticed they had not given me utensils so i could eat my pie.	service	no	negative
likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then nick and joe's may not be your favorite.	food	no	negative
it's always quiet because it's awful.	misc	no	negative
no green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion.	food	no	negative
build a meal with side orders like amazin' greens salads, buffalo chicken kickers and cinna stix.	food	no	neutral
thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate frosty.	food	no	positive
i always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu.	food	no	neutral
good cake but it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.	food	yes	neutral
good cake but it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.	service	yes	negative
the closest that i got was the cherry marscapone, but they were out of it that day.	food	no	neutral
the homage to india is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh take on sweet-and-sour.	food	no	positive
it doesn't look like much on the outside, but the minute you walk inside, it's a whole other atmosphere.	ambience	no	neutral
i have to say the place was awesome.	misc	no	positive
the ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin.	food	no	negative
we requested they re-slice the sushi, and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes.	food	no	negative
the service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an ac dc concert or a knicks game.	service	yes	negative
the service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an ac dc concert or a knicks game.	food	yes	positive
the service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an ac dc concert or a knicks game.	ambience	yes	negative
if you're in the neighborhood, definitely stop by for a great meal.	food	no	positive
unfortunately, with our show tickets, we didn't have time to sample any desserts.	food	no	neutral
the restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!	ambience	yes	neutral
the restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!	misc	yes	positive
make more tables- perhaps a rooftop bar?	ambience	no	negative
the decoration was feeling like we was on the cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.	ambience	no	positive
the decoration was feeling like we was on the cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.	misc	no	positive
although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.	ambience	no	positive
although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.	food	no	positive
although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.	service	no	positive
i didn't go there for food so i can't comment.	misc	no	neutral
my friends and i go once a week (minimum, we live in the area) and everytime can't resist walking out ready to burst.	misc	no	positive
stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is good, not great.	food	no	positive
hip boutiques and bars on ludlow add to the artsy, laid-back atmosphere at this israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint.	ambience	no	positive
young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day, while chic, art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night.	ambience	no	neutral
bring your date and a bottle of wine!	misc	no	neutral
not only is this the best thai restaurant i have been to, but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine.	misc	no	positive
don't be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review.	misc	no	positive
my chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, westernized japanese dishes such as foie gras unagi napolean, jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.	food	no	positive
his food is excellent (and not expensive by nyc standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14).	food	no	positive
his food is excellent (and not expensive by nyc standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14).	price	no	positive
the food is consistant and good but how it got name best diner in manhattan is beyond me.	food	yes	positive
the food is consistant and good but how it got name best diner in manhattan is beyond me.	misc	yes	neutral
the pasta primavera was outstanding as well, lots of fresh veggies.	food	no	positive
don't get me wrong - sushi was good, just not fantastic.	food	no	positive
being puerto rican i know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best (i hope mom doesn't read this!).	food	no	positive
been to the one in brooklyn for over 25 years, now i dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza ....hanx	food	no	positive
had dinner here on a friday and the food was great.	food	no	positive
had dinner here on a friday and the food was great.	misc	no	positive
we recently spent new year's eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.	food	no	positive
we recently spent new year's eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.	misc	no	positive
highly recommended... as stated, i haven't dined in the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place also, the bar looks nice.	ambience	no	positive
highly recommended... as stated, i haven't dined in the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place also, the bar looks nice.	misc	no	positive
the ambiance was fine, a little loud but still nice and romantic.	ambience	no	positive
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).	food	yes	neutral
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).	price	yes	positive
it took about 2 1 2 hours to be served our 2 courses.	service	no	negative
who said go when the place is quiet during the day?	ambience	no	neutral
can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size.	ambience	no	negative
i was on jury duty, rode my bike up centre street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and hibiscus lemonade.	food	yes	positive
i was on jury duty, rode my bike up centre street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and hibiscus lemonade.	ambience	yes	positive
i was on jury duty, rode my bike up centre street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and hibiscus lemonade.	misc	yes	neutral
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.	food	yes	neutral
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.	misc	yes	positive
very nice touch that very much fits the place.	ambience	no	positive
however, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile.	ambience	no	positive
we were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor.	misc	no	neutral
if you are here as a pre-show meal, hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location.	misc	no	neutral
a plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while i was there.	ambience	no	positive
the comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good.	food	no	neutral
it's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book.	misc	no	neutral
slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?	service	yes	negative
slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?	misc	yes	neutral
the sauce is excellent (very fresh) with dabs of real mozzarella.	food	no	positive
don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.	food	no	negative
don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.	service	no	negative
the room is a little plain, but it's difficult to make such a small place exciting and i would not suggest that as a reason not to go.	ambience	no	negative
prices even outside of restaurant week were great.	price	no	positive
a small, outdoor eating area makes for a private, comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends.	ambience	no	positive
before the place didn't call my attention.	misc	no	neutral
and all the female servers are cute too, which is always nice.	service	no	positive
the best dessert, a chocolate and peanut butter tart, isn't particularly hawaiian, but it's a small world when it comes to sweets.	food	no	positive
for an appetizer, their calamari is a winner.	food	no	positive
satay is one of those favorite haunts on washington where the service and food is always on the money.	service	no	positive
satay is one of those favorite haunts on washington where the service and food is always on the money.	food	no	positive
after dinner i heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs.	ambience	no	neutral
but now that it's under new ownership and has been renovated, it looks great.	ambience	no	positive
the room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink.	ambience	no	positive
now we moved out of the state and every visit to nyc includes a stop here.	misc	no	positive
two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.	food	yes	negative
two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.	misc	yes	neutral
i don't remember what we had nothing was memorable.	misc	no	negative
it is bland and nothing extrodinary.	food	no	negative
i was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party.	service	no	positive
the chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad.	food	no	neutral
every time i visit nyc, i come here.	misc	no	neutral
i've been coming here regularly since it opened, about 2 years ago.	misc	no	neutral
the atmosphere takes you to that place, the place many dream of.	ambience	no	positive
several times and put up with the waiters' bad manners, knowing that their job isn't easy.	service	no	negative
the service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good...	service	yes	neutral
the service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good...	food	yes	positive
we were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this wasn't a place we'd return to.	misc	no	negative
they are served on focacchia bread and are to die for.	food	no	positive
while the smoothies are a little big for me, the fresh juices are the best i have ever had!	food	no	neutral
the food is just okay, and it's almost not worth going unless you're getting the pialla, which is the only dish that's really good.	food	no	neutral
the guac is fresh, yet lacking flavor, we like to add our fresh salsa into it.	food	no	neutral
the new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but i must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words no, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.	food	yes	positive
the new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but i must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words no, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.	service	yes	neutral
the new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but i must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words no, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.	price	yes	negative
the new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but i must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words no, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.	misc	yes	neutral
it' only open for lunch but the food is so good!	food	yes	positive
it' only open for lunch but the food is so good!	misc	yes	neutral
if you like seafood and or greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things.	food	no	positive
" the menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians.	food	no	neutral
how can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!	food	yes	neutral
how can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!	price	yes	negative
the food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.	food	yes	neutral
the food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.	service	yes	negative
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.	food	yes	neutral
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.	price	yes	negative
i'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu!	food	no	positive
i'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu!	misc	no	positive
i just had my first visit to this place and can't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu.	misc	no	positive
i asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.	service	no	negative
i asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.	misc	no	negative
i stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk.	food	no	neutral
weekends can get crowded, but still highly recommended.	ambience	no	neutral
it gets very crowded so i would suggest that you get their early.	ambience	no	neutral
sweet irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face.	service	no	positive
i always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry- interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat.	misc	no	positive
its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.	service	no	negative
anyway, the owner was fake.	service	no	negative
owner is pleasant and entertaining.	service	no	positive
i have never in my life sent back food before, but i simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.	food	no	negative
i have never in my life sent back food before, but i simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.	service	no	negative
although the restaurant itself is nice, i prefer not to go for the food.	ambience	yes	positive
although the restaurant itself is nice, i prefer not to go for the food.	food	yes	negative
creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas.	food	no	positive
love al di la	restaurant	no	positive
i recommend this place to everyone.	restaurant	no	positive
great food.	food	no	positive
one of my favorite places in brooklyn.	restaurant	no	positive
the pastas are incredible, the risottos (particularly the sepia) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing.	food	no	positive
overpriced and not tasty	food	no	negative
the food here was mediocre at best.	food	no	negative
it was totally overpriced- fish and chips was about $15....	food	no	negative
tasty dog!	food	no	positive
an awesome organic dog, and a conscious eco friendly establishment.	food	no	positive
an awesome organic dog, and a conscious eco friendly establishment.	restaurant	no	positive
one of the best hot dogs i have ever eaten.	food	no	positive
can't wait to go back.	restaurant	no	positive
the cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it.	restaurant	no	positive
but the best pork souvlaki i ever had is the main thing.	food	no	positive
run don't walk.	restaurant	no	positive
super yummy pizza!	food	no	positive
i was visiting new york city with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant.	ambience	no	positive
i looove their eggplant pizza, as well as their pastas!	food	no	positive
we had half half pizza, mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was so huge for a small size pizza!	food	no	positive
we had fun eating in there, we were there like around 3 a.m. in the morning!	restaurant	no	positive
will comeback for sure, wish they have it here in la..	restaurant	no	positive
excellent food, although the interior could use some help.	food	yes	positive
excellent food, although the interior could use some help.	ambience	yes	negative
the space kind of feels like an alice in wonderland setting, without it trying to be that.	ambience	no	negative
i paid just about $60 for a good meal, though )	food	no	positive
great sake!	drinks	no	positive
reliable, fresh sushi	food	no	positive
the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious.	food	no	positive
have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once.	service	no	positive
delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week.	service	no	negative
delivery guy sometimes get upset if you don't tip more than 10%.	service	no	negative
best. sushi. ever.	food	no	positive
this place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi.	food	no	positive
creative, consistent, fresh.	food	no	positive
excellent sashimi, and the millennium roll is beyond delicious.	food	no	positive
not cheap but very yummy.	food	no	neutral
love it.	restaurant	no	positive
very, very nice	restaurant	no	positive
the place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.	location	yes	neutral
the place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.	restaurant	yes	positive
not only is the food	food	no	positive
not only is the food	restaurant	no	positive
loved it	restaurant	no	positive
we had a very nice time.	restaurant	no	positive
the waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.	service	no	positive
the waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.	food	no	positive
the waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.	location	no	positive
i'd definitely go back again.	restaurant	no	positive
great place to relax and enjoy your dinner	ambience	no	positive
there is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week.	ambience	no	positive
place is open till late, no dress code.	restaurant	no	positive
good food my favorite is the seafood spaghetti.	food	no	positive
highly recommended!	restaurant	no	positive
excellent food for great prices	food	no	positive
my husband and i have been sold on this from the first visit.	restaurant	no	positive
the wait staff is very courteous and accommodating.	service	no	positive
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	ambience	yes	neutral
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	restaurant	yes	negative
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	food	yes	positive
there are no negatives to speak of.	restaurant	no	positive
the bestt!	restaurant	no	positive
my favorite place lol	restaurant	no	positive
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is so good	food	no	positive
its alright	restaurant	no	neutral
im not necessarily fanatical about this place, but it was a fun time for low prices.	restaurant	no	positive
lobster was good, nothing spectacular.	food	no	neutral
its just a fun place to go, not a five star restaurant.	restaurant	no	neutral
way below average	restaurant	no	negative
i think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked.	food	no	negative
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.	service	no	negative
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.	food	no	negative
would never go back	restaurant	no	negative
i love this place	restaurant	no	positive
i wasn't here for the pizza so i can't comment on that yet but what i had was very good.	food	no	positive
the service was quick and friendly.	service	no	positive
everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome.	service	no	positive
i thought the restaurant was nice and clean.	restaurant	no	positive
i thought the restaurant was nice and clean.	ambience	no	positive
i ordered the vitello alla marsala and i was pretty impressed.	food	no	positive
the veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly.	food	no	positive
the potato balls were not dry at all... in fact it was buttery.	food	no	positive
the only downside... they only take cash which is ok if you know about it ahead of time.	restaurant	no	negative
i'll be back for sure.	restaurant	no	positive
worst place on smith street in brooklyn	restaurant	no	negative
very immature bartender, didn't know how to make specific drinks, service was so slow, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and weren't very attentive to all the customers.	service	no	negative
very immature bartender, didn't know how to make specific drinks, service was so slow, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and weren't very attentive to all the customers.	food	no	negative
i would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner.	restaurant	no	negative
awesome	restaurant	no	positive
the food is always fresh ...	food	no	positive
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	food	yes	negative
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	service	yes	neutral
went here on sat 1 26 and was disappointed.	restaurant	no	negative
chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top??	food	no	negative
food was luke warm.	food	no	negative
the waitress was not attentive at all.	service	no	negative
i was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they don't have.	food	no	negative
not because you are "the four seasons"... you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner.	restaurant	no	negative
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	food	yes	positive
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	service	yes	positive
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	restaurant	yes	negative
i do not think dinner in manhattan should cost $400.00 where i am not swept off my feet.	food	no	negative
red dragon roll - my favorite thing to eat, of any food group - hands down	food	no	positive
just go to yamato and order the red dragon roll.	restaurant	no	positive
just go to yamato and order the red dragon roll.	food	no	positive
if you don't like it, i don't know what to tell you.	food	no	positive
the seafood dynamite is also otherworldly.	food	no	positive
i'm not even going to bother to describe it it speaks for itself.	food	no	positive
favorite sushi in nyc	food	no	positive
an unpretentious spot in park slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.	ambience	no	positive
an unpretentious spot in park slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.	food	no	positive
an unpretentious spot in park slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.	service	no	positive
in the summer months, the back garden area is really nice.	ambience	no	positive
the rolls are creative and i have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food.	food	no	positive
the dancing, white river and millenium rolls are musts.	food	no	positive
so good	restaurant	no	positive
i can eat here every day of the week really lol love this place ...)	restaurant	no	positive
gross food wow-	food	no	negative
i can't remember the last time i had such gross food in new york.	food	no	negative
my quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.	food	no	negative
and $11 for a plate of bland guacamole?	food	no	negative
don't get me started on the margaritas, either.	drinks	no	negative
mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila.	drinks	no	negative
save your money and your time and go somewhere else.	restaurant	no	negative
oh, and i never write reviews--i just was so moved by how bad this place was, i felt it was my duty to spread the word.	restaurant	no	negative
great indian food!	food	no	positive
when i got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly.	service	no	positive
the food was good, the place was clean and affordable.	food	no	positive
the food was good, the place was clean and affordable.	ambience	no	positive
the food was good, the place was clean and affordable.	restaurant	no	positive
i noticed a lot of indian people eating there which is a great sign for an indian place!	restaurant	no	positive
this is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	restaurant	no	positive
this is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	ambience	no	positive
this is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	food	no	positive
the staff is very good.	service	no	positive
love their drink menu.	drinks	no	positive
i highly recommend this beautiful place.	ambience	no	positive
i highly recommend this beautiful place.	restaurant	no	positive
nice for one time special occasion.	restaurant	no	positive
they honored reservation on sunday afternoon very well.	service	no	positive
we were offered water for the table but were not told the voss bottles of water were $8 a piece.	drinks	no	negative
food was ok.	food	no	neutral
nice view of river and nyc.	location	no	positive
i come here enjoy very much with husband.	restaurant	no	positive
remind me of home.	restaurant	no	positive
great service	service	no	positive
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm so delicious	food	no	positive
a beautifully designed dreamy egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night.	ambience	no	positive
watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.	food	no	positive
watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.	ambience	no	positive
oh, and there's hookah.	ambience	no	positive
raymond the bartender rocks!	service	no	positive
pacifico is a great place to casually hang out.	restaurant	no	positive
the drinks are great, especially when made by raymond.	drinks	no	positive
the drinks are great, especially when made by raymond.	service	no	positive
the omlette for brunch is great...	food	no	positive
the spinach is fresh, definitely not frozen...	food	no	positive
quacamole at pacifico is yummy, as are the wings with chimmichuri.	food	no	positive
a weakness is the chicken in the salads.	food	no	negative
it's just average, just shredded, no seasoning on it.	food	no	negative
also, i personally wasn't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole.	food	no	negative
overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.	food	no	positive
overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.	service	no	positive
best indian restaurant in the city	restaurant	no	positive
decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!	ambience	yes	negative
decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!	food	yes	positive
this small astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in new york.	food	no	positive
what really makes it shine is the food, which is aggressively seasoned with cyrpriot spices, and all made in-house (even the gyro meat and sausages), and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected.	food	no	positive
all the various greek and cypriot dishes are excellent, but the gyro is the reason to come--if you don't eat one your trip was wasted.	food	no	positive
best restaurant in brooklyn	restaurant	no	positive
the best!	restaurant	no	positive
great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.	food	no	positive
great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.	service	no	positive
great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.	restaurant	no	positive
the veal was incredible last night.	food	no	positive
fresh, mind blowing flavors.	food	no	positive
this place is a must visit!	restaurant	no	positive
delicious, creative and fun.	food	no	positive
got a date? go here!	restaurant	no	positive
every time i have a special occasion with my boyfriend i have a hard time going anywhere else.	restaurant	no	positive
it is so romantic.	ambience	no	positive
its dark, and cozy.. there is always jazz music playing when we go.	ambience	no	positive
most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like 'that' couple.	ambience	no	positive
the food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together.	food	no	positive
i've enjoyed 99% of the dishes we've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish (i'm a daring eater but not that daring).	food	no	neutral
once you try it for a special occasion beware.. you can't stop!	restaurant	no	positive
you'll be ther for every anniversary, birthday, valentines day...	restaurant	no	positive
for a fabulous wedding!	restaurant	no	positive
my daughter's wedding reception at water's edge received the highest compliments from our guests.	restaurant	no	positive
everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!	ambience	no	positive
everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!	location	no	positive
everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!	food	no	positive
service was wonderful	service	no	positive
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful.	service	no	positive
paul, the maitre d', was totally professional and always on top of things.	service	no	positive
thank you everyone at water's edge.	restaurant	no	positive
would not go back.	restaurant	no	negative
service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.	service	no	negative
service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.	ambience	no	negative
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	location	yes	neutral
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	food	yes	negative
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	restaurant	yes	negative
the bar drinks were eh, ok to say the least.	drinks	no	negative
the stuff tilapia was horrid...tasted like cardboard.	food	no	negative
we thought the dessert would be better, wrong!	food	no	negative
$170 down the toilet...	restaurant	no	negative
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting.	ambience	no	negative
the floor was wet, the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor, no soap, and no hand towels left.	ambience	no	negative
good experience	restaurant	no	positive
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.	drinks	yes	positive
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.	service	yes	negative
the bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the "free" appetizer of olives was disappointing.	food	no	negative
however, our main course was wonderful.	food	no	positive
i had fish and my husband had the fillet - both of which exceeded our expectations.	food	no	positive
the dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.	food	yes	positive
the dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.	service	yes	negative
when we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost.	service	no	negative
not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location.	service	yes	negative
not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location.	restaurant	yes	neutral
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	restaurant	yes	positive
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	ambience	yes	positive
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	service	yes	negative
short and sweet seating is great it's romantic,cozy and private.	ambience	no	positive
the boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they're perfect for 2 people.	ambience	no	positive
the service was extremely fast and attentive(thanks to the service button on your table) but i barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order.	service	no	positive
the food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy.	food	no	neutral
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.	ambience	yes	positive
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.	food	yes	negative
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	restaurant	yes	negative
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	ambience	yes	neutral
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	food	yes	negative
will prob. not return but it is a great dinning experience to try at least once.	restaurant	no	neutral
impressed...	restaurant	no	positive
subtle food and service	food	no	positive
subtle food and service	service	no	positive
noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy.	service	no	positive
noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy.	food	no	positive
servers are all different, greg is my favorite.	service	no	positive
sometimes tables don't understand his sense of humor but it's refreshing to have a server who has personality, professionalism, and respects the privacy of your dinner.	service	no	positive
this is the first place i've been that a runner remembers my order... hope he likes his job because i have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant.	service	no	positive
prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.	food	no	positive
prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.	drinks	no	positive
i go out to eat and like my courses, servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink.	service	no	positive
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings!!!	food	no	positive
this place had all the trimmings and i mean all.	food	no	positive
peppers, onions, relish, chilli, cheeses, you name it.	food	no	positive
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages please do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!	restaurant	no	positive
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages please do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!	food	no	positive
best dining experience in the west village!	restaurant	no	positive
stepping into casa la femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in new york!	restaurant	no	positive
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had!	ambience	no	positive
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had!	food	no	positive
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had!	service	no	positive
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had!	restaurant	no	positive
the have a great cocktail with citrus vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for!	drinks	no	positive
food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.	food	yes	positive
food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.	service	yes	neutral
we were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd.	ambience	no	positive
i never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending!	restaurant	no	positive
great find in the west village!	restaurant	no	positive
maggot in the food!	food	no	negative
the menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.	food	no	positive
the menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.	service	no	positive
nevertheless, i finished my plate, and that's when i found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom.	food	no	negative
i showed it to the manager, and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts (but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for).	service	no	neutral
when the bill came, nothing was comped, so i told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine, but i didn't think i should have to pay for food with a maggot in it.	service	no	negative
the manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine (which cost less than the food), and made it seem like a big concession.	service	no	negative
we paid and left because we didn't feel like arguing any more.	service	no	negative
i have worked in restaurants and cook a lot, and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food.	food	no	negative
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.	restaurant	yes	positive
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.	service	yes	negative
unhygienic	food	no	negative
i do not recommend.	restaurant	no	negative
i got hair in my food 2 times of then !	food	no	negative
great place, great value.	restaurant	no	positive
the food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.	food	no	positive
the atmosphere is relaxed and casual.	ambience	no	positive
it's a great place to order from or sit-in.	restaurant	no	positive
inexpensive, unassuming, great time!	restaurant	no	positive
inexpensive, unassuming, great time!	ambience	no	positive
sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance.	food	no	positive
try it!	restaurant	no	positive
very pleased	restaurant	no	positive
good creative rolls!	food	no	positive
yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi, or if you have friends who doesn't like sushi much.	restaurant	no	positive
they have great rolls, the triple color and norwegetan rolls, are awesome and filling.	food	no	positive
one special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up, but save room for dessert!	food	no	positive
they have a delicious banana chocolate dessert, as well as a great green tea tempura.	food	no	positive
the appetizers are also delicious!	food	no	positive
amazing food.	food	no	positive
mazing interior.	ambience	no	negative
great food!	food	no	positive
i've had my fair share of modern japanese and this spot delivers.	food	no	positive
the atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking, which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors.	ambience	no	negative
if you're into being lost when you're just five feet from your table then hey, that's a good thing.	ambience	no	negative
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future.	food	yes	positive
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future.	ambience	yes	negative
indo chinese food, pretty good...	food	no	positive
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food.	ambience	yes	neutral
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food.	food	yes	positive
the chicken lollipop is my favorite, most of the dishes (i have to agree with a previous reviewer) are quite oily and very spicy, espeically the chilli chicken.	food	no	negative
my mom originally introduced me to this place, but even she (being indian) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily.	food	no	negative
still we keep going back )	restaurant	no	positive
i was speechless by the horrible food.	food	no	negative
i attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant, and the food was majorly disappointing.	food	no	negative
rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).	service	no	negative
rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).	food	no	negative
i was so stunned, and i left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing.	restaurant	no	negative
this place survives on reputation alone.	restaurant	no	negative
i will never return.	restaurant	no	negative
best in all of nyc	restaurant	no	positive
this is the most wonderful restaurant in all of new york city, not just brooklyn...	restaurant	no	positive
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty, most delicious food and kept it that way...	food	no	positive
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...	restaurant	no	positive
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...	food	no	positive
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...	service	no	positive
you should travel from the bronx to try it...	restaurant	no	positive
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	food	no	positive
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	drinks	no	positive
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	service	no	positive
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	location	no	positive
so delicious!!!!!!	food	no	positive
patsy's pizza = true love	restaurant	no	positive
hands down the best pizza on the planet.	food	no	positive
in about 12 minutes, the thing is gone.	food	no	positive
great hot dogs..	food	no	positive
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside.	food	no	positive
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!	food	no	positive
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!	restaurant	no	positive
great taste	food	no	positive
great, original taste.	food	no	positive
for me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.	food	yes	negative
for me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.	restaurant	yes	positive
helpful service and average price per dish $10.	service	yes	positive
helpful service and average price per dish $10.	food	yes	neutral
the only thing that strikes you is the decor?(not very pleasant).	ambience	no	negative
great food	food	no	positive
this place has great indian chinese food.	food	no	positive
the flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal.	food	no	positive
be prepared to wait, because the place is pretty tiny.	restaurant	no	negative
be prepared to wait, because the place is pretty tiny.	ambience	no	negative
also, they do not take credit card so come with cash!	restaurant	no	neutral
even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.	ambience	yes	negative
even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.	food	yes	positive
best indian chinese in the city, by far!	food	no	positive
amazing my favorite!!!	restaurant	no	positive
i came across village underground by accident, now i go there all the time.	restaurant	no	positive
the martinis are amazing and very fairly priced.	drinks	no	positive
the service is amazing, i've had different waiters and they were all nice, which is a rare thing in nyc.	service	no	positive
the dj is awesome, i have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and i keep going back.	ambience	no	positive
the dj is awesome, i have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and i keep going back.	restaurant	no	positive
you can get a table without a reservation if you get there early i they don't make you by bottles.	service	no	positive
which lets face it....at times it's a good thing.	service	no	positive
in the end you end up with a fair tab and nothing but a great time!!!	restaurant	no	positive
one of the best, if not the best, restaurants in park slope (and ny in general)	restaurant	no	positive
everything on the menu is great.	food	no	positive
this establishment is the real deal.	restaurant	no	positive
wish ny had more of these kind of places intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.	ambience	no	positive
wish ny had more of these kind of places intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.	food	no	positive
wish ny had more of these kind of places intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.	restaurant	no	positive
but $500 for a dinner for two that didn't include wine?	food	no	negative
look, the appetizers were really good.	food	no	positive
the entree was also very good.	food	no	positive
can't argue about that, but they are clearly over priced.	food	no	negative
what you are paying for is the environment and the name.	ambience	yes	neutral
what you are paying for is the environment and the name.	restaurant	yes	negative
yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.	ambience	yes	positive
yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.	restaurant	yes	negative
which of course is not real kobe but wagyu beef.	food	no	negative
surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as kobe.	restaurant	no	negative
vanison was good but not amazing.	food	no	neutral
bison was quite excellent however.	food	no	positive
dessert pure disaster.	food	no	negative
just not good at all.	food	no	negative
some pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing not impressive at all.	food	no	negative
i read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and i thought to myself, but may be it is worth it.	restaurant	no	negative
the four seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of new york city restaurants, but trust me, they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say "i've been to the four seasons restaurant".	restaurant	no	negative
i wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly, curiousity got the best of me and i paid dearly for it.	restaurant	no	negative
all in all, the food was great (except for the desserts).	food	no	neutral
the environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts.	ambience	no	neutral
the environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts.	restaurant	no	neutral
if you are going for the food, it will not be worth it.	food	no	negative
you would think they would make up for it with service, sadly, no.	service	no	negative
service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.	service	no	negative
service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.	restaurant	no	negative
terrible waste of money.. scammers	restaurant	no	negative
i agree that dining at casa la femme is like no other dining experience!	restaurant	no	negative
i am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience.	restaurant	no	negative
i literally just got back home after visiting casa la femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time.	restaurant	no	negative
our visit their to say the least, was an unpleasant and costly experience!	restaurant	no	negative
and even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience.	restaurant	no	negative
we did arrive late for our reservation so i can not complain too much about the wait for a table.	service	no	neutral
although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes.	service	no	negative
we were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited.	restaurant	no	positive
the place is beautiful!	ambience	no	positive
the hostess was very pleasant.	service	no	positive
however, our $14 drinks were were horrible!	drinks	no	negative
once we finally got a table, despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed!	service	no	negative
our experience did not ever get any better.	restaurant	no	negative
for each course we waited over 1 2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink.	service	no	negative
we also asked for hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the hooka.	service	no	negative
after the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner.	service	no	negative
we asked for beverages and never received them.	service	no	negative
we asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order.	service	no	negative
my chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin.	food	no	negative
i would not expect this for a $55 dinner.	food	no	negative
by the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage nor hooka!	service	no	negative
what we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka.. some of which we never received!	service	no	negative
the only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses!	service	no	negative
to top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.	service	no	negative
to top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.	restaurant	no	negative
by the time we left our wallets were empty and so were our stomachs and we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!	food	no	negative
by the time we left our wallets were empty and so were our stomachs and we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!	restaurant	no	negative
if it seemed possible to do so while there i would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!	food	no	negative
if it seemed possible to do so while there i would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!	restaurant	no	negative
i have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused, and wasted my hard earned money.	restaurant	no	negative
my husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!	restaurant	no	negative
my husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!	service	no	negative
i wish i could be refunded!	restaurant	no	negative
don't go with a larger group than 4!	restaurant	no	negative
at first we were a little taken aback, as this seemed to present a problem, although the restaurant looked fairly empty, but they hastily put the table together for us.	service	no	positive
the menu is fairly simple without much descriptions.	food	no	neutral
there was no tap beer that evening, which was a disappointment.	drinks	no	negative
not much of a selection of bottled beer either, we went with brahma.	drinks	no	negative
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each).	food	yes	neutral
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each).	service	yes	positive
the lobster knuckles (special of the day) were ok, but pretty tasteless.	food	no	negative
i believe there were 2 shrimp in the "salt encrusted shrimp" appetizer.	food	no	negative
she replied "well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now, since you are a larger party, and it might get crowded."	service	no	negative
the food arrived in about 15 minutes.	service	no	neutral
i had the thai style fried sea bass...which was very good.	food	no	positive
everyone seemed generally happy with their food, except my brother who had the grilled mahi mahi, seemingly drenched in grapfruit juice!	food	no	negative
i heard the lobster roll was excellent.	food	no	positive
they seemed to continue to rush us along, taking plates without asking if we were done (my sister still had her fork in hand).	service	no	negative
all in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side, but fresh.	food	no	neutral
service not the friendliest to our "large party"!	service	no	negative
probably would not go back here.	restaurant	no	negative
great indian food	food	no	positive
food was amazing - i love indian food and eat it quite regularly, but i can say this is one of the best i've had.	food	no	positive
very "normal indian food", but done really well.	food	no	positive
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	restaurant	yes	neutral
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	food	yes	negative
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	ambience	yes	negative
also, waiters try to push more food on you, like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $.	service	no	negative
i don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).	service	no	negative
i don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).	restaurant	no	negative
but if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for indian food	food	yes	positive
but if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for indian food	restaurant	yes	negative
one of the best	restaurant	no	positive
bukhara grill, the tagline says it all.. "indian spice rave"	restaurant	no	positive
the lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it.	food	no	neutral
we have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.	service	no	positive
we have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.	food	no	positive
bukhara is on my top 5 indian places in nyc	restaurant	no	positive
wretched and retching	restaurant	no	negative
i have never been so disgusted by both food an service.	food	no	negative
i have never been so disgusted by both food an service.	service	no	negative
for starters they delivered us someone else's order.	service	no	negative
however, once i received my predictably mediocre order of what dokebi thinks passes as korean fair, (sometimes you have to settle when it's your only option), i got through about half my kimchee before i found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting, slimy, clearly bad piece of fish skin.	food	no	negative
my main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but i would be lying is i said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen i was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.	food	no	negative
my main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but i would be lying is i said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen i was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.	service	no	negative
none was made so i hung up.	service	no	negative
less than three minutes passed before i found myself doubled over the toilet.	food	no	negative
my girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that i was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.	food	no	negative
my girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that i was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.	service	no	negative
it wasn't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand, but now it's simply repulsive.	restaurant	no	negative
eat at your own risk.	food	no	negative
gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner	ambience	no	positive
gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner	restaurant	no	positive
i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.	food	no	positive
i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.	ambience	no	positive
the service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing!	service	no	positive
i completely recommend casa la femme for any special occasion and to really impress your date.	restaurant	no	positive
more williamsburg garbage	restaurant	no	negative
the dishes came out around 5 minutes apart.	service	no	negative
the bibimbap was average, but the stone bowl wasn't even close to sizzling.	food	no	negative
too bad i had paid an extra $2 for the stone bowl.	food	no	negative
the nakgi-bokum was horrible.	food	no	negative
easily the worst stir-fried squid i've ever tasted.	food	no	negative
the sauce tasted more like chinese fast food than decent korean.	food	no	negative
the side dishes were passable, and i did get a refill upon request.	food	no	positive
the real problem i had with this place was the complete lack of service.	service	no	negative
she just nodded and walked off.	service	no	negative
as to my comment about the food, no apology or acknowledgment was made.	service	no	negative
my wife had barely touched that mess of a dish.	food	no	negative
we were charged full price.	service	no	negative
lives up to the hype	restaurant	no	positive
we've tried before but it always packed and doesn't take reservations.	restaurant	no	neutral
it was well worth the wait.	restaurant	no	positive
the wife had the risotto which was amazing.	food	no	positive
it doesn't look appetizing as it's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black, but the taste was phenomenal.	food	no	neutral
the farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty.	food	no	positive
i love margherita pizza i love east village pizza	restaurant	no	positive
i love margherita pizza i love east village pizza	food	no	positive
love this place, every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go.	restaurant	no	positive
a quintessential slice of nyc pizza.	food	no	neutral
the crust has a great bite and a good chew, the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it, the salt from the cheese is great, really heightens the flavor of all the other components.	food	no	positive
personally i like the margherita pizza better, but they are all good.	food	no	positive
possibly the most romantic restaurant in the city	ambience	no	positive
this is undoubtedly my favorite modern japanese brasserie (that don t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!	restaurant	no	positive
this is undoubtedly my favorite modern japanese brasserie (that don t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!	ambience	no	positive
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate d cor will make you feel like you re no longer in the city.	location	yes	neutral
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate d cor will make you feel like you re no longer in the city.	ambience	yes	positive
if you re planning to come here, make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching (choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky!).	ambience	no	positive
it s just you and your date and an occasional cute excuse me before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!	ambience	no	positive
it s just you and your date and an occasional cute excuse me before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!	service	no	positive
my party had the bbe $29 fixe prix menu, which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake!	food	no	positive
we started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche.	food	no	positive
i picked the grilled black cod as my entree, which i absolutely devoured while someone commented that the grilled salmon dish was better.	food	no	positive
the entrees were served with miso soup and rice.	food	no	neutral
the sake s complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world.	drinks	no	positive
for desserts, we tried the frozen black sesame mousse (interesting but not extraordinary) and matcha (powdered green tea) and blueberry cheesecake, which was phenomenal.	food	no	positive
maybe it was the great company (i had friends visiting from philly yes, it was not a date this time) or the super reasonable price point, but i just can t say enough good things about this brasserie.	restaurant	no	positive
i don t usually visit the same establishment more than once, what more twice, but i ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet, unhurried and memorable dinner.	restaurant	no	positive
i don t usually visit the same establishment more than once, what more twice, but i ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet, unhurried and memorable dinner.	ambience	no	positive
terrible would be a compliment!	restaurant	no	negative
the service leaves much to be desired, from feeling like you are rushed the place your order, to being ignored the rest of the night.	service	no	negative
we paid a fixed price but got nothing!!	service	no	negative
we never ate because by close to 2 in the morning we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating.	service	no	negative
they are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!	service	no	negative
they are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!	drinks	no	negative
they are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!	food	no	negative
stay away	restaurant	no	negative
great shabu shabu	food	no	positive
i love it.	restaurant	no	positive
i tried a couple other dishes but wasn't too impressed.	food	no	neutral
but for the shabu shabu, you won't find much better in ny.	food	no	positive
the meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.	food	no	positive
the meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.	service	no	positive
dokebi gives williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos.	food	no	positive
the hot dogs are good, yes, but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich, perfect on its supermarket squishy bun.	food	no	positive
restaurant with a view	location	no	neutral
the food tasted very good.	food	no	positive
the family seafood entree was very good.	food	no	positive
the main entree was also very good.	food	no	positive
price is high but the food is good, so i would come back again.	food	yes	neutral
price is high but the food is good, so i would come back again.	restaurant	yes	positive
this place doesn't make any sense	restaurant	no	negative
just want to warn you all - don't waste your time and money.	restaurant	no	negative
this place has totally weird decor, stairs going up with mirrored walls - i am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional...	ambience	no	negative
this place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.	ambience	no	negative
this place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.	food	no	negative
the concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly doesn't work.	food	no	negative
the food they serve is not comforting, not appetizing and uncooked.	food	no	negative
good food	food	no	positive
the food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, i don't like being cramp in a corner.	food	yes	positive
the food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, i don't like being cramp in a corner.	ambience	yes	negative
over all it was a very nice romantic place .	restaurant	no	positive
over all it was a very nice romantic place .	ambience	no	positive
a coworker and i tried pacifico after work a few fridays and loved it.	restaurant	no	positive
the atmosphere was great.	ambience	no	positive
the food we ordered was excellent, although i wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.	food	yes	positive
the food we ordered was excellent, although i wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.	drinks	yes	neutral
our waitress wasn't mean, but not especially warm or attentive either.	service	no	neutral
i must say i am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year, though.	restaurant	no	positive
regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.	ambience	no	positive
regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.	restaurant	no	positive
dumbfoundingly poor	restaurant	no	negative
this was, from start to finish, a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience.	restaurant	no	negative
lexicographers take note a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in brooklyn.	service	no	negative
the servers at flatbush farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention.	service	no	negative
polite acknowledgment is out	service	no	negative
supercilious scorn is in.	service	no	negative
and how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins, inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent?	service	no	negative
a different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).	service	yes	negative
a different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).	food	yes	positive
overall the food quality was pretty good, though i hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.	food	yes	positive
overall the food quality was pretty good, though i hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.	service	yes	negative
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	ambience	yes	positive
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	drinks	yes	positive
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	service	yes	negative
at $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.	restaurant	no	negative
at $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.	service	no	negative
on that scale, it's a world-beater.	restaurant	no	negative
how is this place still open?	restaurant	no	negative
i honestly don't even know where to begin.	restaurant	no	negative
we arrived and were seated immediately, which made us both happy.	service	no	positive
everything was going good until we got our meals.	restaurant	yes	positive
everything was going good until we got our meals.	food	yes	negative
i took one look at the chicken and i was appalled.	food	no	negative
it was served with skin, over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes.	food	no	negative
i took one bite from the $24 salmon, and i have never, in the 17 years i have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy, as dry, and as bland as the one in flatbush farms.	food	no	negative
at this point, the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay, i was literally so shocked that i was speechless and didn't say anything, and guess what, the waitress walked away.	service	no	negative
so, i switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe i could stomach the meat and spinach again, but the spinach was so undercooked that i just could not bite through it.	food	no	negative
i couldn't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach.	food	no	negative
so i decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible.	food	no	negative
guess what, i waited for twenty minutes before she came over and when she finally did, she says, "oh well, i wish you would have said something earlier" no apology, nothing.	service	no	negative
after that she simply took our plates, walked away, came back another twenty minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it!!!!!!!!!!!!	service	no	negative
no desert menu, no apology, nothing!!!!!!	service	no	negative
this is where it really really gets bad the manager said, there is absolutely nothing we can do, it's a matter of taste that she didn't like it, and i cannot comp it.	service	no	negative
again, no apology, no is there anything else i can get you, no can i get you a drink to make up for it, nothing!!!!	service	no	negative
the level of rudeness was preposterous.	service	no	negative
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	service	yes	negative
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	drinks	yes	positive
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	food	yes	positive
i have never ever had such an unpleasant experience.	restaurant	no	negative
this staff should be fired.	service	no	negative
crispy crust margherita pizza	food	no	positive
it was really good pizza.	food	no	positive
the crust was amazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded ) ) )	food	no	positive
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review.	restaurant	no	positive
single worst restaurant in manhattan	restaurant	no	negative
i'll being with a couple of positives cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.	ambience	no	positive
i'll being with a couple of positives cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.	food	no	positive
if i could give 0 stars i would do so for this place.	restaurant	no	negative
the reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews.	restaurant	no	negative
well...they can run but they can't hide.	restaurant	no	negative
this place...god where do i begin.	restaurant	no	negative
it is quite a spectacular scene i'll give them that.	ambience	no	positive
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	ambience	yes	neutral
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	food	yes	negative
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	service	yes	negative
how this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy, or any other for that matter, is beyond me.	restaurant	no	negative
great hot dogs!	food	no	positive
though it's been crowded most times i've gone here, bark always delivers on their food.	food	yes	positive
though it's been crowded most times i've gone here, bark always delivers on their food.	restaurant	yes	neutral
the hot dogs are top notch, and they're slamwich is amazing!	food	no	positive
going to bark is always worth the train ride, and will make your tongue and belly very happy!	restaurant	no	positive
going to bark is always worth the train ride, and will make your tongue and belly very happy!	food	no	positive
only complaint is the pricing--i believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu.	food	no	negative
but nonetheless--great spot, great food.	restaurant	no	positive
but nonetheless--great spot, great food.	food	no	positive
fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off	food	yes	positive
fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off	service	yes	negative
it's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions, but we've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years.	restaurant	no	negative
each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return.	service	yes	neutral
each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return.	food	yes	positive
as bfc doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!	restaurant	no	negative
as bfc doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!	service	no	negative
the frizzy retro girl (with winged dame edna glasses) will yell at you if you try to order a drink.	service	no	negative
i was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a friday night because she "had a bbq to go to" that night - wtf??	service	no	negative
i'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely!	service	no	negative
there's another girl who i can't describe, she is about 5'6" with brown hair, who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said, so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you're really talking about.	service	no	negative
i'm a friendly person, so i wouldn't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal.	service	no	negative
again, i'd be super upset if that were my employee.	service	no	negative
considering you will spend at least $60 a head, i expect better service.	service	no	negative
considering you will spend at least $60 a head, i expect better service.	restaurant	no	negative
so, if you're walking by and thinking about dining, you might want to see who's going to be seating you first...	service	no	negative
maitre-d-"eat and get out"	service	no	negative
the food and service were fine, however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.	food	yes	positive
the food and service were fine, however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.	service	yes	neutral
while finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine, our son's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert.	drinks	no	positive
this guy refused to seat her and she left, followed shortly by the four of us, but not before i told him that in my 40 years of world travel, including paris, that i had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant.	service	no	negative
his response was smug, arrogant, and condescending, totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening.	service	no	negative
a word to the wise you can't dine here and disturb the maitre-d's sense of " table turnover", as whacked as it is, or else.	service	no	negative
if you go here, do it on his off-night.	service	no	negative
best meal in a long time!	food	no	positive
mussles and calamari were superb saturday evening.	food	no	positive
i had the lamb special which was perfect.	food	no	positive
my father had the flank steak which was very good, and my mother had the swordfish.	food	no	positive
the four seasons restaurant is a great experience.	restaurant	no	positive
the food is great and the environment is even better.	food	no	positive
the food is great and the environment is even better.	ambience	no	positive
everyone must come here at least once.	restaurant	no	positive
highly recommend it!	restaurant	no	positive
taking hot dogs to the next level	food	no	positive
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at bark you don't just get your average hot dog.	restaurant	yes	negative
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at bark you don't just get your average hot dog.	food	yes	positive
here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available.	food	no	positive
great atmosphere	ambience	no	positive
i highly recommend the fish tacos, everything else was ok.	food	no	positive
cool atmosphere, the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night.	ambience	no	positive
poor service and management	service	no	negative
don t go to this place!	restaurant	no	negative
had an awful experience at casa la femme on a saturday dinner.	restaurant	no	negative
appetizers took nearly an hour.	service	no	negative
when the main course finally arrived (another 45mins) half of our order was missing.	service	no	negative
never got an explanation as to what was going on.	service	no	negative
the manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly.	service	no	negative
when we threatened to leave, we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing.	service	no	negative
on the way out, we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues.	service	no	negative
can t believe how an expensive nyc restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.	restaurant	no	negative
can t believe how an expensive nyc restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.	service	no	negative
what a hassle!	restaurant	no	negative
the food is very good, but not outstanding.	food	no	neutral
there is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.	service	no	negative
there is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.	food	no	negative
on our last visit, they skipped over our name on the list, leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table.	service	no	negative
mistakes happen, but they are usually accompanied by an apology, perhaps even a glass of wine...but not the grunt that we received from the al di la staff.	service	no	negative
expensive	restaurant	no	negative
the bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.	food	no	negative
the pasta was well cooked, didn't have enough sauce though or flavor.	food	no	negative
so rude!!!	service	no	negative
i was one of the people that went for this horrible experience.	restaurant	no	negative
the hostess was rude and i got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us.	service	no	negative
the only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared.	service	no	negative
i asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like i was insane.	service	no	negative
i was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said, "can i help you" and "how many are in your party."	service	no	negative
the three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were.	service	no	negative
we didn't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately i think that may have been part of the problem.	restaurant	no	negative
shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service.	service	no	negative
bad staff	service	no	negative
i generally like this place.	restaurant	no	positive
the food is good.	food	no	positive
the design of the space is good.	ambience	no	positive
but the service is horrid!	service	no	negative
i was there for brunch recently, and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter.	service	no	negative
the waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand.	service	no	negative
i can't believe that it was, but please put the bag down before delivering food!	service	no	negative
the waitress came to check in on us every few minutes, and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating (a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere, so i try to ignore it).	service	no	negative
i couldn't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends, who was in mid bite, to clear the table.	service	no	negative
she then put the check down without asking if we were done, and came to check on the bill every two minutes, even though we were one of three occupied tables.	service	no	negative
i wish i could like this place more, and i wish someone would retrain the staff.	restaurant	no	negative
i wish i could like this place more, and i wish someone would retrain the staff.	service	no	negative
yum!	food	no	positive
serves really good sushi.	food	no	positive
not the biggest portions but adequate.	food	no	neutral
green tea creme brulee is a must!	food	no	positive
don't leave the restaurant without it.	food	no	positive
no comparison	restaurant	no	positive
i can't say enough about this place.	restaurant	no	positive
it has great sushi and even better service.	food	no	positive
it has great sushi and even better service.	service	no	positive
the entire staff was extremely accommodating and tended to my every need.	service	no	positive
i've been to this restaurant over a dozen times with no complaints to date.	restaurant	no	positive
snotty attitude	service	no	negative
we were treated very rudely here one time for breakfast.	service	no	negative
the owner is belligerent to guests that have a complaint.	service	no	negative
good food!	food	no	positive
this is a great place to get a delicious meal.	food	no	positive
we never had to wait more than 5 minutes.	service	no	positive
the staff is pretty friendly.	service	no	positive
the onion rings are great!	food	no	positive
they are not greasy or anything.	food	no	positive
overrated	restaurant	no	negative
i was highly disappointed in the food at pagoda.	food	no	negative
the lemon chicken tasted like sticky sweet donuts and the honey walnut prawns, the few they actually give you.....were not good.	food	no	negative
nice ambience, but highly overrated place.	ambience	yes	positive
nice ambience, but highly overrated place.	restaurant	yes	negative
i will not go back.	restaurant	no	negative
worst service i ever had	service	no	positive
everyone that sat in the back outside agreed that it was the worst service we had ever received.	service	no	negative
our waiter was non-existent and after our food finally arrived over an hour after we ordered, we were not given any water or utensils.	service	no	negative
i complained to the manager, but he was not even apologetic.	service	no	negative
i will never return again.	restaurant	no	negative
fabulous italian food!	food	no	positive
i highly recommend mioposto.	restaurant	no	positive
i am so happy to have a wonderful italian restaurant in my neighborhood.	restaurant	no	positive
the wine list is wonderful and the food reminds me of my recent trip to italy.	drinks	no	positive
the wine list is wonderful and the food reminds me of my recent trip to italy.	food	no	positive
i love this restaurant	restaurant	no	positive
i will never forget the amazing meal, service, and ambiance i experience at this restaurant.	food	no	positive
i will never forget the amazing meal, service, and ambiance i experience at this restaurant.	service	no	positive
i will never forget the amazing meal, service, and ambiance i experience at this restaurant.	ambience	no	positive
it was absolutely amazing.	restaurant	no	positive
the wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse, the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice, good at their jobs and cultured.	drinks	no	positive
the wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse, the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice, good at their jobs and cultured.	food	no	positive
the wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse, the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice, good at their jobs and cultured.	service	no	positive
i have not a bad thing to say about this place.	restaurant	no	positive
amazing.	restaurant	no	positive
i cannot wait to go back again this coming weekend!	restaurant	no	positive
mmm... good!	restaurant	no	positive
the food was great!	food	no	positive
it's very reasonably priced, esp for the quality of the food.	food	no	positive
i had the kafta plate and it was perfect.	food	no	positive
we're going back. d	restaurant	no	positive
finally a meal that you will remember for a long time!	food	no	positive
in a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants, its nice to see a place that bucks that trend, and just plain delivers high quality food and good service, period.	food	no	positive
in a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants, its nice to see a place that bucks that trend, and just plain delivers high quality food and good service, period.	service	no	positive
this is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer.	ambience	no	positive
this is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer.	food	no	positive
caution - its real food for people who love the best.	food	no	positive
very disappointing	restaurant	no	negative
i took my parents here for their anniversary-very very disappointed!!!	restaurant	no	negative
i liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.	ambience	yes	positive
i liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.	food	yes	negative
i may not be a sushi guru but i can tell you that the food here is just okay and that there is not much else to it.	food	no	negative
rice is too dry, tuna wasn't so fresh either.	food	no	negative
nothing really came across as outstanding.	food	no	negative
very disappointed.	restaurant	no	negative
i have eaten here three times and have found the quality and variety of the fish to be excellent.	food	no	positive
however, the value and service are both severely lacking.	service	no	negative
however, the value and service are both severely lacking.	restaurant	no	negative
furthermore, while the fish is unquestionably fresh, rolls tend to be inexplicably bland.	food	no	neutral
the service ranges from mediocre to offensive.	service	no	negative
on a recent trip, our waiter was extremely dismissive, while no less than three staff members waited hand-and-foot on a pair of japanese girls seated nearby.	service	no	negative
we were then charged for their most expensive sake ($20+ per serving) when we in fact drank a sake of less than half that price.	service	no	negative
freshest sushi i love this restaurant.	food	no	positive
freshest sushi i love this restaurant.	restaurant	no	positive
they pay such detail to everything from miso soup to complex rolls.	food	no	positive
the sashimi was the freshest and most tender i have ever tasted.	food	no	positive
their apps are all delicious.	food	no	positive
the only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side.	restaurant	no	negative
the only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side.	food	no	negative
but the space is small and lovely, and the service is helpful.	ambience	no	positive
but the space is small and lovely, and the service is helpful.	service	no	positive
you are bound to have a very charming time.	restaurant	no	positive
not recommended!!!	restaurant	no	negative
the food was not great the waiters were rude.	food	no	negative
the food was not great the waiters were rude.	service	no	negative
it is not worth going at all and spend your money there!!!	restaurant	no	negative
pretty cheap for sit down mexican and downtown.	restaurant	no	positive
pretty cheap for sit down mexican and downtown.	location	no	positive
my service was stellar!	service	no	positive
the bus boy even spotted that my table was shaking a stabilized it for me.	service	no	positive
food was fine, with a some little-tastier-than-normal salsa.	food	no	positive
if you're in the area you shouldn't be disappointed.	restaurant	no	positive
ok.... maybe i went in on someone's bad day....	restaurant	no	negative
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.	food	yes	positive
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.	drinks	yes	positive
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.	service	yes	negative
took forever to get our order taken, water refills were too much to ask for and the only time she was fast was when we asked for our bill when we could get her attention.	service	no	negative
i don't know if i'll be back....	restaurant	no	negative
mama mia i live in the neighborhood and feel lucky to live by such a great pizza place.	restaurant	no	positive
the only problem is you really have to warm up the pizza before it's edible, even when you order ahead.	food	no	negative
but once done, it's not too much dough, not too much cheese, not too much sauce.	food	no	positive
best sushi in town.	food	no	positive
everything you want and more, very fresh.	food	no	positive
its worth the wait, especially since they'll give you a call when the table is ready.	restaurant	no	positive
its worth the wait, especially since they'll give you a call when the table is ready.	service	no	positive
the best calamari in seattle!	food	no	positive
...and the best summertime deck experience--they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the seattle evening weather.	ambience	no	positive
...and the best summertime deck experience--they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the seattle evening weather.	service	no	positive
a perfect place to take out of town guests any time of the year.	restaurant	no	positive
endless fun, awesome music, great staff!!!	ambience	no	positive
endless fun, awesome music, great staff!!!	service	no	positive
endless fun, awesome music, great staff!!!	restaurant	no	positive
by far the best bar in the east village...	restaurant	no	positive
i went there with some friends one night to play bingo and watch the sox game and it was a blast!	restaurant	no	positive
every time it is called the bartender buys everyone drinks!	service	no	positive
been there lots since and its always a good time.	restaurant	no	positive
great draft and bottle selection and the pizza rocks.	food	no	positive
great draft and bottle selection and the pizza rocks.	drinks	no	positive
definitely has one of the best jukebox's i've seen in a long long time.	ambience	no	positive
i found a new home on second avenue!!!!!!!!!!!!	restaurant	no	positive
just go there and see for yourself.	restaurant	no	positive
the food is great, the bartenders go that extra mile.	food	no	positive
the food is great, the bartenders go that extra mile.	service	no	positive
you need to watch your game, they will have it on for you.	service	no	positive
the owners are great fun and the beer selection is worth staying for.	service	no	positive
the owners are great fun and the beer selection is worth staying for.	drinks	no	positive
and the upstairs is a great place to hang out.	ambience	no	positive
not a lot of smoking places left in new york, but i have found my favorite smoking balcony in the city.	restaurant	no	positive
kudos to these guys.	restaurant	no	positive
i found a new home and just moved with a long lease.	restaurant	no	positive
the sushi here is delicious!	food	no	positive
they have a wide variety of fish and they even list which oceans they come from atlantic or pacific.	food	no	positive
i've had the jellyfish, horse mackerel, blue fin tuna and the sake ikura roll among others, and they were all good.	food	no	positive
my only negative comment is that i wish the pieces were a little bigger.	food	no	negative
the decor is rustic, traditional japanese.	ambience	no	neutral
the crowd is mixed yuppies, young and old.	restaurant	no	neutral
the service was courteous and attentive.	service	no	positive
mediocre food	food	no	neutral
the outside patio area has an abbreviated menu.	food	no	neutral
my g f and i both agreed the food was very mediocre especially considering the price.	food	no	negative
we are locals, and get the feeling the only way this place survives with such average food is because most customers are probably one-time customer tourists.	food	no	negative
we are locals, and get the feeling the only way this place survives with such average food is because most customers are probably one-time customer tourists.	restaurant	no	negative
service was decent.	service	no	neutral
drinks were good.	drinks	no	positive
unless you are just stopping in for a few drinks i wouldn't recommend going here.	drinks	yes	positive
unless you are just stopping in for a few drinks i wouldn't recommend going here.	restaurant	yes	negative
you are likely to be disappointed.	restaurant	no	negative
excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive	food	yes	positive
excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive	ambience	yes	positive
excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive	restaurant	yes	negative
i loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi (5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis) and my sister loved her fillet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes.	food	no	positive
the ambiance was a peaceful and relaxing break amongst all the kids running around in downtown disney.	ambience	no	positive
it was romantic - and even nice even with my sister, reminded me of italy, and had artwork and music that kept up the feeling of being in a mediterrean villa.	ambience	no	positive
i recommend it for a night when you want to splurge! (it was a bit expensive)	restaurant	no	neutral
best indian food in l.a.	food	no	positive
the best thing is, the prices are also quite reasonable.	restaurant	no	positive
the chicken curry and chicken tikka masala are my favorite meat dishes.	food	no	positive
the chana masala (garbanzo beans) are also excellent.	food	no	positive
it's located in a strip mall near the beverly center, not the greatest location, but the food keeps me coming back for more.	location	yes	neutral
it's located in a strip mall near the beverly center, not the greatest location, but the food keeps me coming back for more.	food	yes	positive
hidden little jem	restaurant	no	positive
tucked away over by the beverly center.	location	no	neutral
never too crowded and always great service.	service	no	positive
never too crowded and always great service.	restaurant	no	positive
i think i have probably tried each item on their menu at least once it is all excellent.	food	no	positive
i can highly recommend their various saag and paneer and korma.	food	no	positive
you routinely see indian families and friends dining there, which is always a good sign.	restaurant	no	positive
i appreciate their delivery too.	service	no	positive
nice food but no spice!	food	no	neutral
i really enjoyed my meal here.	food	no	positive
i had yummy lamb korma, saag paneer, samosas, naan, etc.	food	no	positive
the food was all good but it was way too mild.	food	no	neutral
normally, places ask how hot you want it, but they didn't.	service	no	negative
i should have thought to bring it up but never expected the food to be that mild.	food	no	negative
the naan was some of the best i've had and i really enjoyed the bhartha, not too tomatoey.	food	no	positive
even the chickpeas, which i normally find too dry, were good.	food	no	positive
and they packaged everything nicely so it didn't spill.	service	no	positive
awesome find	restaurant	no	positive
i don't understand how i was a stranger to this place for so long... the fajita salad, the colorado, the fajitas - everything is delicious.	food	no	positive
i don't understand how i was a stranger to this place for so long... the fajita salad, the colorado, the fajitas - everything is delicious.	restaurant	no	positive
i love the warm and cozy environment.	ambience	no	positive
i just found out that you can have the place to yourself on nights and weekends for a private party - can't wait to celebrate my next birthday there.	restaurant	no	positive
best restaurant in the world, great decor, great customer service, friendly manager	restaurant	no	positive
best restaurant in the world, great decor, great customer service, friendly manager	ambience	no	positive
best restaurant in the world, great decor, great customer service, friendly manager	service	no	positive
i am never disappointed with there food.	food	no	positive
the atmosphere is great.	ambience	no	positive
great lunch spot	restaurant	no	positive
great financial district mexican spot.	restaurant	no	positive
always busy, but they are good at seating you promptly and have quick service.	service	no	positive
everything i've had here is good, taco salads, burritos, enchiladas i love this place.	food	no	positive
everything i've had here is good, taco salads, burritos, enchiladas i love this place.	restaurant	no	positive
also have great margaritas!	drinks	no	positive
you can order to go if you have to get back to the office too!	service	no	positive
lebanese food!yum!	food	no	positive
i've been to open sesame only once, but i'm still reeling from the experience!!	restaurant	no	positive
the food is simply unforgettable!	food	no	positive
the presentation of the food was an added bonus, it looked just as great as it tasted!	food	no	positive
my best friend had the chicken shawarma and she still raves about it being the best anywhere!	food	no	positive
what a tasty, flaky treat!	food	no	positive
the staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful.	service	no	positive
the staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful.	ambience	no	positive
go to open sesame!!!	restaurant	no	positive
holy hummus!	food	no	positive
the food is here is incredible, though the quality is inconsistent during lunch.	food	no	neutral
dinners have always been excellent, in terms of food quality.	food	no	positive
the open sesame combo plate is a bargain for the heap of food given.	food	no	positive
the side of potatoes is to die for, as is the labne (yogurt dip).	food	no	positive
also, they serve the best hummus in america, with a drizzle of fragrant olive oil (which, i believe is the traditional way)!	food	no	positive
the only drawback is the crowded seating and the slow service.	restaurant	no	negative
the only drawback is the crowded seating and the slow service.	service	no	negative
there have been several occasions when we've just not gotten some side dishes we've ordered.	service	no	negative
however, this place is a gem, and i won't stop going back.	restaurant	no	positive
great beer	drinks	no	positive
my first time to dine at this restaurant was with my son and it was absolutely horrible!	restaurant	no	negative
we waited over 30 minutes for our drinks and over 1 1 2 hours for our food.	service	no	negative
i swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocre meal.	drinks	no	negative
i swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocre meal.	food	no	negative
however, one sunday afternoon my husband and i did go (although with my loud protests) and were pleasantly surprised.	restaurant	no	positive
the band was very good and the service was attentive.	ambience	no	positive
the band was very good and the service was attentive.	service	no	positive
we ordered a selection of the small plates, and the shoe string onions, goat cheese pizza, grilled asparagus and fried brie with fruit were all very good.	food	no	positive
it was like dining at a completely different restaurant.	restaurant	no	positive
we have since returned and also had a great experience, sampling more small plates and a variety of the beer ( cold and good).	drinks	no	positive
we have since returned and also had a great experience, sampling more small plates and a variety of the beer ( cold and good).	restaurant	no	positive
we did have the same waiter the second time, so maybe the service is spotty and our luck is good.	service	no	positive
sunday afternoons there is a band playing and it is lots of fun.	ambience	no	positive
seattle's best winelist	drinks	no	positive
ray's (surprisingly) has the city's best most diverse wine list.	drinks	no	positive
the sommelier is fantastic, down-to-earth, extremely knowledgeable.	service	no	positive
i would go back for the wine experience alone.	drinks	no	positive
nice job!	restaurant	no	positive
not the place it once was	restaurant	no	negative
it is sad to see a place that was once the place to meet and eat for bfast or lunch, now be the place that is a big "dont bother"	restaurant	no	negative
the food is not what it once was (potions have seriously seen downsizing) prices have gone up, and the service is the worst i have experienced anywhere (including mainland europe).	food	no	negative
the food is not what it once was (potions have seriously seen downsizing) prices have gone up, and the service is the worst i have experienced anywhere (including mainland europe).	service	no	negative
what may be interesting to most is the worst service attitude comes from the owners of this establishment.	service	no	negative
this establishment really made a marked decline after ( and this is recurring story ) the airing of food televisions "diners, drive-ins, and dives" hosted by guy fieri, in which schooner or later was subject of.	restaurant	no	negative
perhaps now, scooner or later falls into the "dive" category.	restaurant	no	negative
this is sad for what once was one of the best places you could ever eat.	restaurant	no	negative
i hope one day sooner or later returns to what it once was.	restaurant	no	negative
until this happens, my advice is to stay away.	restaurant	no	negative
open cool place with the best pizza and coffee	ambience	no	positive
open cool place with the best pizza and coffee	food	no	positive
open cool place with the best pizza and coffee	drinks	no	positive
mioposto has a very creative delicious pizza menu.	food	no	positive
the coffe is very good, too.	drinks	no	positive
great open and friendly ambience.	ambience	no	positive
this place is charming and relaxing.	ambience	no	positive
the servers behind the counter are always friendly and helpful.	service	no	positive
it's a great place to enjoy food and meet friends.	food	no	positive
it's a great place to enjoy food and meet friends.	restaurant	no	positive
old reliable	restaurant	no	positive
after 12 years in seattle ray's rates as the place we always go back to.	restaurant	no	positive
great food, spectacular location, and friendly service keep us coming back year after year.	food	no	positive
great food, spectacular location, and friendly service keep us coming back year after year.	location	no	positive
great food, spectacular location, and friendly service keep us coming back year after year.	service	no	positive
enjoyed the food	food	no	positive
i liked it.	restaurant	no	positive
food was good and cheap.	food	no	positive
i had the kafta plate and i enjoyed it.	food	no	positive
it was so much though that i could barely finish but i did, since it was delicious.	food	no	positive
atmosphere was nice.	ambience	no	positive
service was kind of slow, our waitress took forever to give us our check even though it wasn't that busy.	service	no	negative
still i would recommend this place.	restaurant	no	positive
wow!!!!!!!!	restaurant	no	positive
it cant get any better!!!!!	restaurant	no	positive
what else can you say nice people amazing food wow	food	no	positive
what else can you say nice people amazing food wow	service	no	positive
what else can you say nice people amazing food wow	restaurant	no	positive
great food with an awesome atmosphere!	food	no	positive
great food with an awesome atmosphere!	ambience	no	positive
eggs, pancakes, potatoes, fresh fruit and yogurt -- everything they serve is delicious.	food	no	positive
the best place for a leisure sunday breakfast amidst yachts, then take a stroll through the nearby farmer's market.	restaurant	no	positive
great meal the fish on the omikase platter was absolutely decadent -- there was none of the stringiness that sometimes accompanies fair sushi -- this fish was perfect!!!!	food	no	positive
plus, i am allergic to rice, and the waitstaff was unbelievably accommodating -- didn't even bat an eye!	service	no	positive
and the waiter suggested a perfect sake!!	service	no	positive
and the waiter suggested a perfect sake!!	drinks	no	positive
absolutely fabulous!!!	restaurant	no	positive
unbeatable sushi!	food	no	positive
two thumbs up!	food	no	positive
this is right up there with places in tokyo as far as the freshness is concerned.	food	no	positive
melt in your mouth nigiri and sashmi, and very tasty rolls too.	food	no	positive
be sure to try the oyster roll.	food	no	positive
splendid	restaurant	no	positive
how to describe the best sushi in nyc hmmmm, delicious, amazing, fantastic, succulent, perfect, nah, all of the above.	food	no	positive
i can't say enough good things about this restaurant, and i can't wait for my next several visits.	restaurant	no	positive
the best chuwam mushi i have ever had.	food	no	positive
perfect on a cold day.	food	no	positive
$6 with tip.	restaurant	no	positive
perfection.	restaurant	no	positive
good sushi, high price	food	no	neutral
one of the best sushi place in town.	restaurant	no	positive
the house special roll is really good.	food	no	positive
on weekends, you might have to wait for couple hours.	service	no	neutral
however, they do take your cellphone numbers so that you can go hang out somewhere else till they call you up on your cellphone.	service	no	positive
a cozy spot for 2	ambience	no	positive
i can't believe murphy's has been around for over 25 years, amazing.	restaurant	no	positive
that's a huge compliment, especially in the fickled restaurant business, ...enough already!	restaurant	no	positive
brunch at murphy's is to die for, my specialty... egg white omelet, the food is always freshly prepared.	food	no	positive
it's the perfect spot for a romantic date for 2 or a secret rendezvous!	restaurant	no	positive
it's the perfect spot for a romantic date for 2 or a secret rendezvous!	ambience	no	positive
save room for scrumptious desserts.	food	no	positive
the restaurant offers an extensive wine list and an ambiance you won't forget!	drinks	no	positive
the restaurant offers an extensive wine list and an ambiance you won't forget!	ambience	no	positive
i guarantee you won't be disappointed, there's also valet parking.	restaurant	no	positive
addicting!	restaurant	no	positive
best mexican place for lunch in the financial district.	restaurant	no	positive
love the enchiladas and chicken soup - and be sure to check out their specials.	food	no	positive
the cooks have been at the restaurant for years and cook family recipes.	food	no	positive
can get busy on fridays for a table but once seated, the service is so efficient you can be in and out of there quickly.	service	no	positive
i went there with a friend from out of town... and we were both very impressed!	restaurant	no	positive
the sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick.	food	no	positive
the sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick.	service	no	positive
the price was right too.	restaurant	no	positive
the atmosphere was just okay.	ambience	no	neutral
space was limited, but the food made up for it.	restaurant	yes	negative
space was limited, but the food made up for it.	food	yes	positive
i'd go back there in a heartbeat.	restaurant	no	positive
well i guess it's hard to be seated when one is invisible to the staff.	service	no	negative
we stood there for 10 minutes while employees walked back and forth ignoring us.	service	no	negative
finally, my wife stood face to face in front of one of the staff and she asked, "are you waiting for a table?"	service	no	negative
once seated it took about 30 minutes to finally get the meal.	service	no	negative
the prior reviews said kid friendly... give me a break with two young children that is light years.	restaurant	no	negative
the caesar salad i ordered had so much lemon i couldn't eat it.	food	no	negative
it was decent but nothing exceptional.	food	no	neutral
great food, better margaritas!	food	no	positive
great food, better margaritas!	drinks	no	positive
this is one of my top lunch spots, huge portions, fast service and amazing margaritas!!	restaurant	no	positive
this is one of my top lunch spots, huge portions, fast service and amazing margaritas!!	food	no	positive
this is one of my top lunch spots, huge portions, fast service and amazing margaritas!!	service	no	positive
this is one of my top lunch spots, huge portions, fast service and amazing margaritas!!	drinks	no	positive
it gets really busy, so get there on the early side so you can grab a seat, if you do have to wait, its not bad because the service is quick!	service	no	positive
check out the art on the walls, very colorful!	ambience	no	positive
i love this place!	restaurant	no	positive
i have been eating at this place for over 8 years now and i have never had one bad meal.	food	no	positive
i highly recommend this place to all that want to try indain food for the first time.	food	no	positive
the lunch menu is an awesome deal!	food	no	positive
plenty of food,trust me .	food	no	positive
fresh ingrediants and super tasty.	food	no	positive
the place is the next best thing to my moms cooking.	food	no	positive
best food, phenomenal service	food	no	positive
best food, phenomenal service	service	no	positive
for the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best nyc has to offer, the fish is the freshest and the service is superb.	food	no	positive
for the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best nyc has to offer, the fish is the freshest and the service is superb.	service	no	positive
not only can the selection be innovative, but there's a nice balance of traditional sushi as well.	food	no	positive
the nicest waiters in town.	service	no	positive
way over-rated!!!!	restaurant	no	negative
this place is unbelievably over-rated.	restaurant	no	negative
if i want to stand in line on sunday for an hour to get average brunch food, then i would put murphy's at the top of the list.	food	yes	neutral
if i want to stand in line on sunday for an hour to get average brunch food, then i would put murphy's at the top of the list.	service	yes	negative
the regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive.	food	yes	neutral
the regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive.	service	yes	negative
10!	restaurant	no	positive
your a sushi fan, you love expertly cut fish, great sake, a killer soho location, and of course salmon, tuna, fluke, yellow tail, cod, mackeral, jellyfish, sea urchin, shrimp, lobster, sea bream, trout, milk fish, blue fin tuna, eel, crab, sardine, monk fish, roe, scallop, oysters, and a varity of toro.	food	no	positive
your a sushi fan, you love expertly cut fish, great sake, a killer soho location, and of course salmon, tuna, fluke, yellow tail, cod, mackeral, jellyfish, sea urchin, shrimp, lobster, sea bream, trout, milk fish, blue fin tuna, eel, crab, sardine, monk fish, roe, scallop, oysters, and a varity of toro.	drinks	no	positive
your a sushi fan, you love expertly cut fish, great sake, a killer soho location, and of course salmon, tuna, fluke, yellow tail, cod, mackeral, jellyfish, sea urchin, shrimp, lobster, sea bream, trout, milk fish, blue fin tuna, eel, crab, sardine, monk fish, roe, scallop, oysters, and a varity of toro.	location	no	positive
there is only one place on the east coast that has it all, plus a lot more.	restaurant	no	positive
bring your cell phone cause you may have to wait to get into the best sushi restaurant in the world blue ribbon sushi.	restaurant	no	positive
cut to the chase - this is amazing!	restaurant	no	positive
it's unpretentious and underground.	ambience	no	positive
it's fresh, welcoming, delicious, and relaxing.	food	no	positive
it's fresh, welcoming, delicious, and relaxing.	ambience	no	positive
hands down, the best tuna i have ever had.	food	no	positive
blue ribbon lives up to it's fantastic reputation.	restaurant	no	positive
i went here on a recommendation and will surely return time and time again.	restaurant	no	positive
what a find!	restaurant	no	positive
well worth it	restaurant	no	positive
great value sushi with high quality nice setting.	food	no	positive
great value sushi with high quality nice setting.	ambience	no	positive
good for late night dining (last minute planning) without reservations.	restaurant	no	positive
try the chef's choice for sushi as the smoked yellowtail was incredible and the rolls were also tasty.	food	no	positive
poor customer service, poor pizza.	service	no	negative
poor customer service, poor pizza.	food	no	negative
as with most restaurants in seattle, mioposto's service was bad and the food was overpriced.	service	no	negative
as with most restaurants in seattle, mioposto's service was bad and the food was overpriced.	food	no	negative
i know many people have their favorite types of pizza and pizza places, but mioposto's pizza lacks quality and good taste.	food	no	negative
to be honest, i've had better frozen pizza.	food	no	negative
the only positive thing about mioposto is the nice location.	location	yes	positive
the only positive thing about mioposto is the nice location.	restaurant	yes	negative
love it every time	restaurant	no	positive
i was frankly shocked when i read the bad reviews - this place is fantastic it has not let us down in any way, and we've eaten here more than 10 times.	restaurant	no	positive
the food is fantastic, and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time we've been there.	food	no	positive
the food is fantastic, and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time we've been there.	service	no	positive
the only problem would be the wait, but we usually just have a drink in the front while waiting.	service	no	neutral
never had one single problem there.	restaurant	no	positive
seafood plus	food	no	positive
this was great dining experience.	restaurant	no	positive
if you're going to see danny gans or just staying at the mirage, don't miss this one.	restaurant	no	positive
the appetizer of oysters, lobster, crab (small size) made a perfect entre for my wife.	food	no	positive
seabass on lobster risotto was the best.	food	no	positive
caesar salad was superb.	food	no	positive
great bottle of wine.	drinks	no	positive
leave room for dessert.	food	no	positive
completely over rated!	restaurant	no	negative
the food was ok, but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served.	food	yes	neutral
the food was ok, but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served.	service	yes	negative
even then, the order was not correct and we were still waiting for a couple items.	service	no	negative
we had a very hard time getting the waitress' attention and finally had to get up and go inside to speak to a manager.	service	no	negative
as it turns out the owner was seated right next to us and when he came over to check on our problems was very dismissive and offered a token 20% discount on our bill.	service	no	negative
when the bill came, he only took the discount off the food and not the drinks.	service	no	negative
it was clear he didn t really care.	service	no	negative
avoid the place	restaurant	no	negative
save yourself the waste of time do not visit.	restaurant	no	negative
when i got there i sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy the service was horrible!	ambience	yes	positive
when i got there i sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy the service was horrible!	service	yes	negative
i waited for 10-15 minutes for service ordered a beer was never served again.	service	no	negative
after sitting there with my empty glass for over 20 minutes i left.	service	no	negative
i went home looked them up online again where i discovered there is a link for a give away that doesn't work so emailed the restaurant about the non existent service deceptive link.	restaurant	no	negative
i never heard back from anyone more than a month ago.	restaurant	no	negative
after sitting at the bar for over 20 minutes the bar keep had made only 2 drinks kept telling us she'd be right with us.	service	no	negative
we left without ever getting service.	service	no	negative
as of writing this i just tried their give away a link again it still doesn't work.	restaurant	no	negative
best crab cakes in town	food	no	positive
thats a big statement considering i've been pulling crab traps and making the cakes myself since i was about seven - but something about these little devils gets better every time.	food	no	positive
if you can, come to this place by boat and make it a whole evening.	restaurant	no	positive
great seasonal fish and seafood, with a classy waterfront setting.	food	no	positive
great seasonal fish and seafood, with a classy waterfront setting.	ambience	no	positive
always a winner.	restaurant	no	positive
great pizza, poor service	food	yes	positive
great pizza, poor service	service	yes	negative
love their pizza, especially the mushroom pizza.	food	no	positive
also love their caeser salad.	food	no	positive
prefer to order it and pick it up though because i don't like the servers, one young woman in particular.	service	no	negative
she doesn't make you feel welcome and treats you like an annoyance.	service	no	negative
but she is very friendly with certain people, making it even more annoying.	service	no	negative
management should really take notice and train their waitstaff and teach them some proper manners.	service	no	negative
many people talk about the great pizza and poor service, so it can't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers.	food	yes	positive
many people talk about the great pizza and poor service, so it can't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers.	service	yes	negative
it's a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service weren't so impersonal and corporate-like.	restaurant	yes	positive
it's a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service weren't so impersonal and corporate-like.	service	yes	negative
great breakfast	food	no	positive
this place is famous for their breakfast.	food	no	positive
they have been featured on the food network and they deserve it.	restaurant	no	positive
the food is great and they make a mean bloody mary.	food	no	positive
the food is great and they make a mean bloody mary.	drinks	no	positive
i love breakfast here.	food	no	positive
their crab eggs benedict is addicting.	food	no	positive
all their menu items are a hit, and they serve mimosas.	food	no	positive
all their menu items are a hit, and they serve mimosas.	drinks	no	positive
doesn't get any better than that.	restaurant	no	positive
best chinese food i have tasted in a long time	food	no	positive
you can easily hear him though so it was a pleasant sound and not overbearing.	ambience	no	positive
the ambiance of the restaurant was nice and good for fine dinning.	ambience	no	positive
not too fine thought that you feel uncomfortable and have to dress up.	ambience	no	positive
the staff was very nice and courteous and obviously chinese.	service	no	positive
first off, the food came fast and all together ) i like that... i hate the pretentiousness of things coming in one after the other.	service	no	positive
so about the prawns, they were fresh and had a slight crispiness about the batter... so good... the walnuts were cut in smaller pieces and very crunchy and tasty.	food	no	positive
yummy.	food	no	positive
best honey walnyt prawns that we have every tasted.	food	no	positive
the brocollis were so fresh and tasty.	food	no	positive
i would normally not finish the brocolli when i order these kinds of food but for the first time, every piece was as eventful as the first one... the scallops and prawns was so fresh and nicely cooked.	food	no	positive
not chewy at all.	food	no	positive
for desert we had the mango ginger creme brulee... oh la la yummy!!!	food	no	positive
melt in your mouth.	food	no	positive
we are for sure coming back to this restaurant.	restaurant	no	positive
it is sad there is not many people who frequent eating at places like these that look pricey because they are at the hotel... but they are definitely one you don't want to miss, esp if your in downtown san jose.	restaurant	no	positive
chintzy portions	food	no	negative
the sushi here is perfectly good, but for $5 a piece, either the slices of fish should be larger, or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant (even for nyc).	food	no	negative
the sushi here is perfectly good, but for $5 a piece, either the slices of fish should be larger, or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant (even for nyc).	restaurant	no	negative
we easily spent more than $40 per person (not including alcohol) and were still hungry.	restaurant	no	negative
we easily spent more than $40 per person (not including alcohol) and were still hungry.	food	no	negative
i'm astonished that this restaurant is categorized as $$$ rather than $$$$.	restaurant	no	negative
terrible service, food ok, pricey	service	yes	negative
terrible service, food ok, pricey	food	yes	neutral
terrible service, food ok, pricey	restaurant	yes	negative
we put out name down and although there were open tables we were told that it'd be a 30 minute wait.	service	no	negative
we went back to the restaurant and low and behold, we were seated at one of the tables that was available 30 minutes ago!!	service	no	negative
none that i can think of.	service	no	negative
we put in our order and although we ordered 4 appetizers, the food didn't arrive until 45 minutes later...with our main course.	service	no	negative
um so now what are appetizers for???	service	no	negative
oh i forgot to mention that they don't have bread service.	service	no	negative
my wife also ordered a teapot of hot water (she had a sore throat) and i guess that since it was only water, it wasn't a priority for them to actually bring it.	service	no	negative
in other words, if they aren't making $$ off of you then you don't rate high on their "service scale".	service	no	negative
food wise, its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant isn't a fancy place.	food	yes	neutral
food wise, its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant isn't a fancy place.	restaurant	yes	negative
food wise, its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant isn't a fancy place.	ambience	yes	neutral
if i needed to name some they would include the location to the beach or golden gate park.	location	no	positive
its great if you spent the day there and didn't want to drive to eat.	location	no	positive
parking is reasonably good, they have their own lot and you can park in the park nearby.	restaurant	no	positive
another plus is the open feel of the restaurant with glass walls on all sides.	ambience	no	positive
always good.	restaurant	no	positive
6pm on a sat before a broadway play and we were quickly seated and served.	service	no	positive
amazing spanish mackeral special appetizer and perfect box sushi (that eel with avocado -- um um um).	food	no	positive
as usual the omikase didn't disappoint in freshness, although it scored low on creativity and selection.	food	no	neutral
their specialty rolls are impressive, though i can't remember what we had.	food	no	positive
great selection of sakes.	drinks	no	positive
green tea creme brulee gets better each time i have it.	food	no	positive
it isn't the cheapest sushi but has been worth it every time.	food	no	positive
very poor customer service.	service	no	negative
schooner or later's charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not, unfortunately, compensate for its very poor customer service.	location	yes	positive
schooner or later's charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not, unfortunately, compensate for its very poor customer service.	food	yes	neutral
schooner or later's charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not, unfortunately, compensate for its very poor customer service.	service	yes	negative
while this diner had reasonably good food, the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence, and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service.	food	yes	positive
while this diner had reasonably good food, the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence, and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service.	service	yes	negative
as part of a small party of four, our food was dropped off without comment	service	no	negative
any further needs we may have had could not have been met since no one stopped by the table.	service	no	negative
when we finally were able to flag someone down, it was someone entirely different from the person who had dropped off the food, who was also not the same person who had taken our order.	service	no	negative
after one member of our party had been bumped repeatedly by a waitress, a polite request that he not be bumped sent the waitress into an abusive rant.	service	no	negative
a brief conversation with the manager at the end of the meal was the greatest disappointment--to say we had been "blown off" would be an understatement.	service	no	negative
the manager continually interrupted with "is there anything else i can do for you?", a strange comment because she had hardly listened, let alone responded to our expression of disappointment at our experience.	service	no	negative
she promised to speak to the waitress who had flown off in a rage, but we could hardly take her promise seriously, seeing as she hadn't bothered to get the waitresses name.	service	no	negative
in short, schooner or later couldn't have cared less about our being at their establishment.	service	no	negative
you are with a hot date and he she has an urge for sushi...then this might be the place.	food	no	positive
the fish was fresh, though it was cut very thin.	food	no	neutral
great service.	service	no	positive
good sake selection.	drinks	no	positive
dungeness crabs here!	food	no	positive
ray's is the place to go for high quality seafood dinners.	food	no	positive
and they give good quantity for the price.	food	no	positive
we were only in seattle for one night and i'm so glad we picked rays for dinner!	restaurant	no	positive
i love dungeness crabs and at ray's you can get them served in about 6 different ways!	food	no	positive
we shared the family platter and i especially enjoyed the black cod in sake kasu.	food	no	positive
i ended the meal with the unusual dessert of a port and chocolate tasting....yummy!	food	no	positive
and the service was simply spendid - quite a delight.	service	no	positive
great drinks , corn beef hash, coffee, b fast burritos, gluten free menu.	drinks	no	positive
great drinks , corn beef hash, coffee, b fast burritos, gluten free menu.	food	no	positive
the service is fantastic at this fun place.	service	no	positive
the service is fantastic at this fun place.	restaurant	no	positive
if there is a line very day of the week for the entire time a place is open, you know it is great.	restaurant	no	positive
this is the case at this gem.	restaurant	no	positive
best neighborhood standby.	restaurant	no	positive
you can't go wrong here.	restaurant	no	positive
in grammercy union square east village this is my neighbors and my favorite spot.	restaurant	no	positive
the music is great, no night better or worse, the bar tenders are generous with the pouring, and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits.	ambience	no	positive
the music is great, no night better or worse, the bar tenders are generous with the pouring, and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits.	drinks	no	positive
seriously, you can't go wrong, if it is unpretentious local fun you seek.	ambience	no	positive
oh, and the cheese fries are awesome!	food	no	positive
good food, great service, average prices (for the strip)	food	yes	positive
good food, great service, average prices (for the strip)	service	yes	positive
good food, great service, average prices (for the strip)	restaurant	yes	neutral
i decided to eat at stack because of their price fixed pre-show dinner.	food	no	neutral
when i walked in, i was taken aback by their incredible wood decor.	ambience	no	positive
the music playing was very hip, 20-30 something pop music, but the subwoofer to the sound system was located under my seat, which became annoying midway through dinner.	ambience	no	neutral
i got the shellfish and shrimp appetizer and it was alright.	food	no	neutral
it wasn't the freshest seafood ever, but the taste and presentation was ok.	food	no	neutral
i picked the asparagus, which turned out to be incredible and perfectly prepared.	food	no	positive
the 9 oz steak came next and it tasted great, at least initially.	food	no	positive
the steak was done to my exact liking (medium rare) and was nice and juicy.	food	no	positive
it?s served with either a peppercorn sauce or red wine reduction, though both were indistinguishable in taste.	food	no	neutral
though, one thing i realized later on was that the restaurant either used msg or a meat tenderizer on the steak.	food	no	negative
my mouth felt very dry afterwards and i had that signature ?msg? taste lingering in my throat after i left the restaurant.	food	no	negative
they came in their own nifty take out box and with some homemade frosting very light and not-too-sweet.	food	no	positive
the desert was the perfect ending to an almost perfect dinner.	food	no	positive
the dinner only took us about an hour and the prices were alright for the strip, almost $50 pp after tax and tip (about average).	restaurant	yes	neutral
the dinner only took us about an hour and the prices were alright for the strip, almost $50 pp after tax and tip (about average).	service	yes	positive
but the servers were extremely attentive and very friendly.	service	no	positive
overall, i would go back and eat at the restaurant again.	restaurant	no	positive
just remember to dress a little urban-chic so you don?t look too far out of place.	restaurant	no	neutral
good sake, good food i honestly don't know much about japanese food at all.	drinks	no	positive
good sake, good food i honestly don't know much about japanese food at all.	food	no	positive
server made several sake suggestions which were very good.	drinks	no	positive
server made several sake suggestions which were very good.	service	no	positive
had many dishes but the best was the lobster 3 ways.	food	no	positive
very good!	restaurant	no	positive
overpriced	restaurant	no	negative
waited 35 minutes for a table for 8 which was ok for such a big crowd.	service	no	neutral
the waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded.	service	no	negative
the waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded.	ambience	no	negative
also, there was only one bathroom stall, probably need more for such big crowds.	restaurant	no	negative
most importantly, we were so excited about the food after seeing the very creative menu.	food	no	positive
at best, the food was good and definitely overpriced.	food	no	negative
for the amount of food we got the prices should have been lower.	food	no	negative
not sure if i would go back.	restaurant	no	negative
my favourite pizza joint in seattle	restaurant	no	positive
this is my "must bring out of town guests to" restaurant and they always enjoy and rave about it.	restaurant	no	positive
in fact, many want to return a second time during their visit.	restaurant	no	positive
the pizza is delicious and the salads are fantastic.	food	no	positive
i've always found the wait staff and, if you sit at the bar, the cooks very friendly.	service	no	positive
they aren't the most talkative, but everytime i've been there they have been very busy, which probably accounts for the lack of conversation.	service	no	neutral
i also really enjoy the simplicity of the decor and intimate feeling of a small restaurant.	ambience	no	positive
it's just the right size for the menu.	restaurant	no	positive
excellent	restaurant	no	positive
my husband and i love eating at mioposto caf .	restaurant	no	positive
we re can t say enough about their delicious gourmet pizza s!	food	no	positive
you won t be disappointed by their menu.	food	no	positive
the pizza s are thin crust and the menu offers very creative combinations and toppings.	food	no	positive
you never feel icky and stuffed after you eat there.	food	no	positive
the pizza s are light and scrumptious.	food	no	positive
try the pizza ensalata!	food	no	positive
absolutely delicious.	food	no	positive
the pizza s are not huge and the crust is thin keep that in mind when you re ordering.	food	no	neutral
worth the wait	restaurant	no	positive
had to wait thirty minutes to get in the door on a tuesday morning, but it was so worth it.	restaurant	no	neutral
the food is sinful.	food	no	positive
the staff was really friendly.	service	no	positive
the specialty here is decadent pancakes, but i've been back now four times, and i've been wowed every time.	food	no	positive
nothing on the menu is less than amazing.	food	no	positive
go with some friends, wait the half hour or so with a cup of joe, and enjoy more than your average breakfast.	food	no	positive
go with some friends, wait the half hour or so with a cup of joe, and enjoy more than your average breakfast.	restaurant	no	positive
good eats.	food	no	positive
i don't know why anyone would want to write a great review about this place.	restaurant	no	negative
i have been to this place, folks and it is bad.	restaurant	no	negative
maybe it is good for that one night once in a blue moon when the chefs decide to use fish that's half-way decent.	food	no	negative
i have been here, spent tons of money on a chef special dinner and it was a major disappointment.	food	no	negative
fancy pieces of exotic fish on a $100 dollar plate and not one was eatable.	food	no	negative
donot go!	restaurant	no	negative
delicious	food	no	positive
the atmosphere is great for any special occasion you might want to celebrate.	ambience	no	positive
the best dish are the honwy walnut prawns, just outstanding.	food	no	positive
the service is really attentive and charming.	service	no	positive
we waited for an hour to be seated.	service	no	negative
the service was excellent, the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding.	service	no	positive
the service was excellent, the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding.	drinks	no	positive
the service was excellent, the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding.	food	no	positive
it was worth the wait.	restaurant	no	positive
plan on waiting 30-70 minutes.	service	no	neutral
will definitely be back.	restaurant	no	positive
delicious...!	food	no	positive
i recently had the pleasure of dining as this delightful restaurant on 2nd street and wow what a great evening we had.	restaurant	no	positive
the food is fantastic, authentic, delicious and very, very affordable.	food	no	positive
the decor was beautiful and unique.	ambience	no	positive
there was a really nice vibe about the place...good music, atmosphere and happy looking people.	ambience	no	positive
there was a really nice vibe about the place...good music, atmosphere and happy looking people.	restaurant	no	positive
our server was very professional and friendly.	service	no	positive
to the owners of open sesame...bravo...i can't wait to come back to dine at your restaurant!	restaurant	no	positive
delectable	food	no	positive
it's a tiny place so if you get there before 8pm on a weekend (thurs?sun) you will find it easier to get a table or a seat at the sushi bar.	restaurant	no	neutral
once you're inside, the real experience begins.	restaurant	no	positive
everything, and i mean everything on the menu is delectable.	food	no	positive
the waiters are very experienced and helpful with pairing your drink choice to your food tastes or vice versa.	service	no	positive
the sushi is as fresh as it comes?you'd think ocean was in their backyard, no joke!	food	no	positive
if you're interested in good tasting (without the fish taste or smell), large portions and creative sushi dishes this is your place...	food	no	positive
big thick pepperoni	food	no	positive
the pepperoni's cut real thick--yum.	food	no	positive
the pizza itself is not exactly the best i've had ever, but still pretty good.	food	no	positive
i probably wouldn't go back though 'cuz i don't know if it's worth it.	restaurant	no	negative
maybe i'll go back once more many years from now when i've forgotten i went there already.	restaurant	no	negative
sit in the balcony	ambience	no	positive
not bad.	restaurant	no	neutral
food was good and appetizing.	food	no	positive
portions was just enough for me, but may not be for a big eater.	food	no	neutral
fair menu selection.	food	no	neutral
the appetizer was interesting, but the creme brulee was very savory and delicious.	food	no	positive
indoor ambience was modern.	ambience	no	positive
if it's nice outside, request for a table in the balcony.	ambience	no	positive
it's a great place to people watch.	restaurant	no	positive
although the service could be improved considering the money you put in.	service	no	negative
although the service could be improved considering the money you put in.	restaurant	no	negative
our drinks kept coming but our server came by a couple times.	service	no	neutral
should check-up on us more frequently, don't you think?	service	no	negative
late night dinning with exceptional food.	food	no	positive
we were seated right away, the table was private and nice.	service	no	positive
we were seated right away, the table was private and nice.	ambience	no	positive
the service was exceptional - sometime there was a feeling that we were served by the army of friendly waiters.	service	no	positive
the food was very good, fillet mignon was probably the best i've ever try.	food	no	positive
the portions are big though, so do not order too much.	food	no	neutral
groovy music made the dinner casual.	ambience	no	positive
the most pleasant surprise was the check that did not exceed my expectations as it always happens in most of the places.	restaurant	no	positive
i have a but here - there was a bathroom attendant in the restroom which was odd.	restaurant	no	negative
the bathroom itself is very small with two toilets and only one sink, the girl was staying totally on the way hanging out paper towels from the dispenser.	restaurant	no	negative
i felt awkward and next time went to the casino bathroom.	restaurant	no	negative
this place rocks!!	restaurant	no	positive
mercedes restaurant is so tasty, the service is undeniably awesome!	service	no	positive
mercedes restaurant is so tasty, the service is undeniably awesome!	food	no	positive
the chips and salsa are so yummy, and the prices are fabulous.	food	no	positive
the chips and salsa are so yummy, and the prices are fabulous.	restaurant	no	positive
the atmosphere is aspiring, and the decor is festive and amazing..	ambience	no	positive
the catering is out of this world, and raouls chicken vegetable soup rocks my world!!!	food	no	positive
drinks are suberb, and i feel like i am in a third world country when i walk in the door.	drinks	no	positive
drinks are suberb, and i feel like i am in a third world country when i walk in the door.	ambience	no	positive
insultingly overpriced	restaurant	no	negative
- mediocre service quality	service	no	neutral
the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu.	ambience	yes	positive
the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu.	food	yes	negative
the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu.	restaurant	yes	negative
to start off, approximately 8-10 oz of orange juice will cost you $3.	drinks	no	negative
they serve it in a tall, skinny hour-glass shaped glass to disguise the fact that you a getting a small juice at the price of a half gallon in a supermarket.	drinks	no	negative
i should have just asked for the check when i saw that but their menu was so unique that i continued.	food	no	positive
the pancakes were certainly inventive but $8.50 for 3 - 6" pancakes (one of them was more like 5") in the pancake flight (sample of 3 different pancakes) is well over-priced.	food	no	negative
the pancakes should be larger (at least 8") to justify the expense even with the unique offerings.	food	no	negative
on my meal i had to send back my eggs for a simple request of breaking the yokes before cooking, and would have had to send them back again if i hadn't rejected the meal all together.	food	no	negative
i rejected it because in the process of attempting to fix the eggs they broke something else in the dish and i was too frustrated to continue.	food	no	negative
to their credit they removed the dish from the check but no manager stopped by to ask what the problem was.	service	no	neutral
in the end our check came to $27 for 4 small pancakes, a breakfast burrito, an orange juice and an iced tea (i had water).	food	no	negative
in the end our check came to $27 for 4 small pancakes, a breakfast burrito, an orange juice and an iced tea (i had water).	drinks	no	negative
much more than just a great view!	location	no	positive
much more than just a great view!	restaurant	no	positive
i am exceedingly pleased to report that my dinner at ray's boathouse last friday completely exceeded my expectations.	restaurant	no	positive
ray's is something of a seattle institution, but given its gorgeous sound views, i had suspected that the accolades were more due to the scenery than to the food and service.	location	no	positive
imagine my happy surprise upon finding that the views are only the third-best thing about ray's!	location	no	positive
imagine my happy surprise upon finding that the views are only the third-best thing about ray's!	restaurant	no	positive
to start things off, our lovely server brooke was quickly on hand to take my drink order.	service	no	positive
my party of two was feeling particularly ambitious, and we splurged on the shilshole sampler...a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns, smoked albacore tuna, ray's fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill, scallops in a tasty soy dressing, and a tiny pile of dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce.	food	no	positive
for my entr eacute e, i completely enjoyed the seared alaskan sea scallops complemented by chard, artichoke hearts, fennel, and pecorino toscano.	food	no	positive
the scallops are apparently cooked in a black olive butter which really makes them unique (not to mention tasty).	food	no	positive
my friend enjoyed the grilled alaskan king salmon with delectable creamed washington russet potatoes and crisp green beans.	food	no	positive
i had a taste of all three items on her plate, and they were superb.	food	no	positive
our server continued to be attentive throughout the night, but i did remain puzzled by one issue who thinks that ray's is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner?	service	yes	positive
our server continued to be attentive throughout the night, but i did remain puzzled by one issue who thinks that ray's is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner?	restaurant	yes	neutral
two rascally kids were seated near us for the first part of our dinner...they were replaced by a delightful preteen who pretended to gag every time seafood was mentioned at her table.	restaurant	no	negative
all considered, i have to say that ray's boathouse is deserving of its title as a seattle institution.	restaurant	no	positive
while i could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.	service	yes	positive
while i could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.	food	yes	positive
while i could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.	restaurant	yes	negative
oh yeah...the view was good, too.	location	no	positive
