but the waitstaff was so horrible to us.	service	negative
to be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora.	food	positive
to be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora.	misc	negative
the food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.	food	positive
where gabriela personally greets you and recommends you what to eat.	service	positive
for those that go once and don't enjoy it, all i can say is that they just don't get it.	misc	positive
not only was the food outstanding, but the little perks were great.	food	positive
not only was the food outstanding, but the little perks were great.	service	positive
it is very overpriced and not very tasty.	food	negative
it is very overpriced and not very tasty.	price	negative
our agreed favorite is the orecchiette with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).	food	positive
our agreed favorite is the orecchiette with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).	service	positive
the bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy.	food	positive
nevertheless the food itself is pretty good.	food	positive
they did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.	food	negative
it took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk!	service	neutral
the design and atmosphere is just as good.	ambience	positive
he has visited thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine.	food	positive
i would definitely recommend mary's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts.	misc	positive
the pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza.	food	positive
my girlfriend and i stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time!	misc	positive
he can't help, they're bought up so fast.	misc	neutral
secondly, on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume.	ambience	negative
i have eaten here a handful of times, for no reason besides sheer convenience.	misc	neutral
obviously run by folks who know a pie.	service	positive
we were very disappointed.	misc	negative
it is definitely special and affordable.	misc	positive
it is definitely special and affordable.	price	positive
i really liked this place.	misc	positive
i will be going back very soon.	misc	positive
all the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.	ambience	positive
all the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.	food	negative
the seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.	ambience	negative
i asked for seltzer with lime, no ice.	food	neutral
it was pretty inexpensive too.	price	positive
will not be back.	misc	negative
don't go alone. even two people isn't enough for the whole experience, with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods.	food	positive
my suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.	food	neutral
best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.	service	positive
best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.	ambience	positive
this isn't a value joint.	price	negative
faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.	misc	positive
faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.	service	negative
from the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.	food	positive
from the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.	service	positive
from the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.	ambience	positive
great food at reasonable prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!	food	positive
great food at reasonable prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!	price	positive
look forward to trying the ruben upon returning.	misc	positive
the only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to roth's is the strip house.	misc	neutral
we usually go to the chart house to celebrate a birthday or anniversary.	misc	neutral
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.	ambience	positive
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.	price	positive
you'll adore it.	misc	positive
two words free wine.	price	positive
the price is reasonable although the service is poor.	service	negative
the price is reasonable although the service is poor.	price	positive
the quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.	food	positive
i have been to roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.	misc	negative
worth visiting the 1st ave spot because it is the original store.	misc	positive
i stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two fridays ago when i was with two friends in town from l.a. being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.	misc	neutral
raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.	ambience	positive
the fried rice is amazing here.	food	positive
three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.	food	positive
it's a perfect place to have a amazing indian food.	food	positive
the place is so cool and the service is prompt and courteous.	service	positive
the place is so cool and the service is prompt and courteous.	ambience	positive
at the end you're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup.	food	positive
i just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.	price	positive
i just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.	food	positive
the food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.	food	neutral
the wine list is excellent.	food	positive
so guarantee that you can't fit them in a toaster.	food	positive
ive been to many thai restaurants in manhattan before, and toons is by far the best thai food ive had (except for my mom's of course).	food	positive
they wouldn't even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.	service	positive
i highly recommend the sophia pizza.	misc	positive
when asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.	service	negative
this is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.	misc	positive
nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.	food	positive
nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.	service	positive
nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.	ambience	positive
all the people that i bring there go back on their own and bring their friends!	misc	positive
after really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.	misc	positive
fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.	food	positive
fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.	service	positive
fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.	ambience	positive
not what i wanted to hear.	misc	negative
try the lasagnette appetizer.	food	positive
pricey, but worth a try, at least once.	price	negative
pricey, but worth a try, at least once.	misc	positive
i've been there a few times, and i usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people.	misc	negative
i liked the beer selection!	food	positive
great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretentious setting.	food	positive
great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretentious setting.	service	positive
great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretentious setting.	ambience	positive
go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.	misc	neutral
can't wait to go back.	misc	positive
i grew up eating dosa and have yet to find a place in ny to satisfy my taste buds.	misc	neutral
wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.	food	positive
with the great variety on the menu , i eat here often and never get bored .	food	positive
the menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.	food	negative
if you are a carnivore, come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been.	misc	positive
the menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.	food	neutral
not too crazy about their sake martini.	food	negative
great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.	food	positive
great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.	misc	positive
the service varies from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not.	service	neutral
whoever the jazz duo was, they were on point.	ambience	positive
one thing i liked about this place is that i never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests.	service	positive
this place is a great bargain.	price	positive
we happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results.	misc	positive
unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.	food	positive
unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.	misc	negative
deff recommend bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out.	misc	positive
we always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied.	food	positive
dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat.	food	neutral
first went here to enjoy their garden terrace.	ambience	positive
my husbands was perfect, my was well done and dry.	food	neutral
everyone i have spoken too there is super friendly, helpful, and willing to the extra mile for a customer.	service	positive
the pizza was pretty good and huge.	food	positive
sapphire is the only indian restaurant i go to when i'm in nyc.	misc	positive
the cuisine from what i've gathered is authentic taiwanese, though its very different from what i've been accustomed to in taipei.	food	neutral
i heartily recommend.	misc	positive
heartland brewery is by far one of the best places in nyc to make new friends and catch up with old ones.	misc	positive
i almost hesitate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and i would hate for it too become to crowded.	ambience	positive
they are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.	service	positive
they are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.	ambience	negative
all my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was.	food	negative
the atmosphere is unheralded, the service impeccable, and the food magnificent.	food	positive
the atmosphere is unheralded, the service impeccable, and the food magnificent.	service	positive
the atmosphere is unheralded, the service impeccable, and the food magnificent.	ambience	positive
we ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.	food	negative
the wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!	food	positive
the wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!	service	positive
this place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps queens' biggest secret!	misc	positive
it may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area.	food	positive
it may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area.	ambience	neutral
this place is so much fun.	misc	positive
i was glad i did.	misc	positive
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.	food	positive
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.	ambience	positive
i've never been treated so rudely.	service	negative
i'll be back soon.	misc	positive
le pere pinard has a $15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding.	food	positive
went inside and i started to get excited.	misc	positive
i also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.	service	negative
our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.	service	negative
however, it is just too good to not praise it.	misc	positive
we have been to montparnasse many times and return often for good reason.	misc	positive
the strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds.	misc	negative
we had the lobster sandwich and it was fantastic.	food	positive
it's somewhere you can eat and be happy.	misc	positive
if you wrote a bad review, it's because you don't understand what rao's is all about.	misc	positive
had we been stalling i could understand where they were coming from, but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn't even brought us a check yet!	service	negative
but overall i give it a 10	misc	positive
though the spider roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.	food	positive
though the spider roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.	price	positive
deep fried skewers are good and still rare to find in nyc.	food	positive
i have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.	service	negative
i also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).	food	positive
their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.	food	positive
this was one of the best restaurants i've ever been to.	misc	positive
this restaurant used to be pretty decent.	misc	negative
an oasis of refinement food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new american fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.	food	positive
if you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love artisanal!	food	positive
i love indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it.	food	positive
some baby pizzas get their wish.	food	neutral
plenty of choices to make your own creation.	food	positive
it was tiny and i felt like i was eating in someone's living room.	ambience	negative
i was there on sat.	misc	neutral
overall a oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	misc	positive
overall a oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	service	negative
the lava cake dessert was incredible and i recommend it.	food	positive
vt is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up.	misc	positive
from the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.	food	negative
from the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.	service	negative
lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for four dollars.	food	positive
lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for four dollars.	price	positive
the last time i went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen.	misc	negative
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.	food	positive
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.	price	neutral
nice restaurant overall, with classic upscale italian decor.	ambience	positive
not impressed with the food.	food	negative
the entire dining experience was wonderful!	misc	positive
the wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and i always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.	food	positive
the wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and i always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.	misc	positive
service is highly refined our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress.	service	positive
order the panang duck, it's fantastic.	food	positive
food is usually very good, though occasionally i wondered about freshness of raw vegetables in side orders.	food	neutral
other than the crappy service from two individuals, it's great.	service	neutral
what more can you ask for?	misc	positive
wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment.	misc	neutral
they have authentic indian at amazing prices.	food	positive
they have authentic indian at amazing prices.	price	positive
you are treated just like royalty.	service	positive
there's nice and quiet, small but enough for 6 (or more).	ambience	neutral
ambiance relaxed and stylish.	ambience	positive
i've never felt more unwelcome than last month at jimmy's bronx cafe.	misc	negative
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon, sea bass and crispy duck.	food	positive
yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.	food	negative
looking from the outside in, one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall (really, that's what it is).	ambience	negative
and yes dal bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.	food	positive
i look forward to eating here again	misc	positive
i've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste.	food	positive
tuk tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.	food	positive
tuk tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.	ambience	positive
tuk tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.	price	positive
a glass of leaping lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.	food	positive
food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.	food	negative
the food always tastes fresh and served promptly.	food	positive
the food always tastes fresh and served promptly.	service	positive
i know because i live nearby.	misc	neutral
the pizza here is delicious.	food	positive
my entire family was horrified.	misc	negative
on a monthly basis my friends and i get together and have a girls night out.	misc	neutral
pizza and garlic knots are great as well, i order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!	food	positive
pizza and garlic knots are great as well, i order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!	service	positive
for great chinese food nearby, you have wu liang ye and grand sichuan just a block away.	food	positive
but who says murray's is anything about service.	service	neutral
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant, the food.	food	negative
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant, the food.	misc	positive
i have never been disappointed in the red eye.	misc	positive
hats off to the chef.	food	positive
this should have been done in a back room - away from customers.	misc	negative
service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.	misc	positive
service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.	service	negative
glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers.	misc	neutral
the pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.	food	positive
its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of new york.	food	positive
its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of new york.	ambience	positive
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.	service	positive
the atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe.	ambience	neutral
check it out	misc	positive
first off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.	service	negative
don't go.	misc	negative
the food was bland oily.	food	negative
but they do.	misc	neutral
what is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.	food	positive
what is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.	price	positive
the fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary.	food	neutral
look i don't know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place (please try some other places).	misc	neutral
suan has challenged this loyalty.	misc	neutral
our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.	food	positive
and kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender i have yet to come across.	service	positive
ambiance and music funky, which i enjoy.	ambience	positive
the food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.	food	positive
the food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.	service	positive
i went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refreshment with my date.	misc	neutral
it's a really great deal, considering we got full off of four dollars.	price	positive
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommelier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experience.	food	positive
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommelier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experience.	ambience	positive
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommelier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experience.	service	positive
went with mommy (the only person who could afford taking me here).	misc	neutral
my friends and i were on vacation in ny and was referred to chance by a friend.	misc	neutral
last time i went here, the waitress didn't come back after taking our order.	service	negative
try the tandoori salmon!	food	positive
i am completely hooked on this place, it is ridiculous.	misc	positive
eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	misc	negative
eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	ambience	positive
granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.	service	positive
granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.	ambience	negative
have recommended the place to friends, always gets good response.	misc	positive
we will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.	misc	positive
i love the atmosphere peep!	ambience	positive
enjoy!	misc	positive
we weren't!	misc	neutral
this is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.	misc	positive
(la rosa is connected by a swinging door to the mexican restaurant pacifico).	misc	neutral
it could have been handled better.	misc	negative
the service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.	service	positive
the other night we had the $30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if i could of licked the plate clean i would of.	food	positive
please be aware that it's cash or amex only!	misc	neutral
even after getting pushed out by the no-class famous ray's, sal has risen again to carry on his father's uncle's legacies with a smile, true love for his community, and let's not forget the outstanding pizza!	food	positive
it's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.	ambience	negative
the environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	food	negative
the environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	service	negative
the environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	ambience	positive
we had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess, it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well.	food	positive
i had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.	misc	neutral
they were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior.	food	positive
what came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.	food	negative
i had the pad thai and the noodles were sticky.	food	negative
so i've never actually been to m proper, but i've had it delivered a few times.	misc	neutral
among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants, this offers by far one of the best values for your money.	price	positive
frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus mcds or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.	food	positive
the hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.	service	negative
if you're craving for haru's great food, especially the house roll, but can't stand the wait building outside, head across the street to their sake bar!	food	positive
if you're craving for haru's great food, especially the house roll, but can't stand the wait building outside, head across the street to their sake bar!	service	negative
a narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.	ambience	negative
the food is great.	food	positive
succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired "doneness" accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill.	food	positive
lunch came with pickles and slaw, no extra charge.	price	positive
decent wine at reasonable prices.	food	positive
decent wine at reasonable prices.	price	positive
all conveniently delivered right to the door.	service	positive
even the wine by the glass was good.	food	positive
nice family owned traditional restaurant.	misc	positive
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price	misc	neutral
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price	price	negative
this dish is my favorite and i always get it when i go there and never get tired of it.	food	positive
i also ordered the change mojito, which was out of this world.	food	positive
okay service.	service	neutral
the only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.	food	positive
the only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.	service	positive
we were very pleasantly surprised.	misc	positive
the food was just awful, atrocious actually.	food	negative
i will never visit this restaurant again.	misc	negative
the soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.	food	negative
the anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.	food	positive
the waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.	food	positive
the waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.	service	positive
(or sister, in my case!).	misc	neutral
i've eaten at many different indian restaurants.	misc	neutral
they might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says i love you.	food	positive
they might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says i love you.	service	negative
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	food	positive
try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.	food	positive
don't go there!	misc	negative
ok, so the servers wander around a little clueless, but there's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it's fine, you just have to make a small effort to get their attention.	service	neutral
good luck getting a table.	misc	negative
we picked it randomly, without a recommendation from someone who has been there, so we weren't sure what to expect.	misc	neutral
don't look down your nose at me like that.	misc	negative
planet thai is great!	misc	positive
the service is awful.	service	negative
just don't do it.	misc	negative
just ignore the trendy wannabes.	misc	negative
the takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes, i can't wait!	food	positive
trust me, it will be great, and all of it will be devoured in no time.	food	positive
my girlfriends and i ate at o.g. again last night.	misc	neutral
i wish they had one near my office- i would go everyday.	misc	positive
finally!	misc	positive
amma has the worst value for money i have experienced in nyc over the past 2 years.	price	negative
i am not the most experienced person when it comes to thai food, but my friend who took me there is.	misc	neutral
i think this would be a pretty good spot if it were not so overpriced and overrated.	price	negative
regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you five minutes.	service	positive
the pizza is good though.	food	positive
bottles of wine are cheap and good.	price	positive
bottles of wine are cheap and good.	food	positive
you will not be disappointed at all.	misc	positive
walk-ins are risky too.	misc	negative
the have over 100 different beers to offer their guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumpkin tortellini.	food	positive
they didn't give us the dinner special until we asked for it.	service	negative
you must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.	food	positive
word of advice, save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you've had the tiramisu.	food	positive
very good service and very good prices.	service	positive
very good service and very good prices.	price	positive
i recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.	misc	positive
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.	service	positive
ess-a-bagel (either by sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in ny.	food	positive
our food was great too!	food	positive
open late (well as late as i ever got there and i'm a night person)	misc	positive
the most annoying thing, though, is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue.	service	negative
get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.	misc	positive
please try the filet mignon, its just the most tender piece ever.	food	positive
everything we had was pretty good, but we have only been there once.	food	positive
we were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.	misc	negative
something about them being busy with holiday party's.	misc	negative
the sake menu should not be overlooked!	food	positive
i would highly recommend.	misc	positive
this place is great.	misc	positive
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.	food	positive
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.	price	positive
i've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they're that good.	food	positive
with so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!	misc	positive
this has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in brooklyn.	misc	negative
the service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.	food	positive
the service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.	service	positive
the service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.	ambience	positive
went there last night for 2 year anniversary, and wasn't all that impressed.	misc	negative
it was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us.	service	negative
we were seated promptly as we had reservations, however after that the service was slow.	service	neutral
at first i was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of nyc.	misc	neutral
it's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.	service	positive
suan was a recommendation that i am glad we heeded.	misc	positive
the food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.	food	neutral
we visit at least once a month.	misc	neutral
it is set far from the small street it's on, and there is no traffic noise.	ambience	positive
also, the place is popular with families, so if you're bothered by children running loose like wild animals, come later at night to avoid them.	ambience	neutral
i'll keep this short.	misc	neutral
i felt as though i were eating in paris.	ambience	positive
lived in shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship green bo restaurant there.	misc	neutral
lived in shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship green bo restaurant there.	food	positive
i highly recommend cafe st. bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.	food	positive
i highly recommend cafe st. bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.	service	positive
i highly recommend cafe st. bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.	ambience	positive
however, it's not worth a special trip.	misc	negative
nice value.	price	positive
gigino's in wagner park is so enjoyable.	misc	positive
and it was quick which is very important.	service	positive
this is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.	misc	positive
all the nyu students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere.	ambience	positive
the food here does a great service to the name (cantonese that is.).	food	positive
but, nothing stands out about the cooking.	food	neutral
joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.	ambience	positive
joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.	food	positive
if that's a problem, go to mcdonald's and destroy your insides.	misc	negative
the prix fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity and quality).	food	positive
the prix fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity and quality).	price	positive
i've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city.	misc	positive
i had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, i tried removing the hollandaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.	food	negative
i work near-by, and they have the best oatmeal in the neighborhood- not a packaged or quick-cooked item.	food	positive
always busy but fast moving.	ambience	neutral
too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.	food	negative
the menu looked good, except for offering the chilean sea bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	food	neutral
the menu looked good, except for offering the chilean sea bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	service	negative
sexy.	misc	positive
the food was really good, i had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever.	food	positive
i will have to say, this bengali fast food joint is clearly my favorite.	misc	positive
i'm not picky - but it was actually gross.	food	negative
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.	misc	positive
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.	price	positive
since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.	service	positive
since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.	ambience	negative
based on the reviews for dinner, this is a place i would reconsider revisiting for that, but definitely not for dim sum again.	food	neutral
it costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.	food	neutral
it costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.	price	negative
even with john's and joe's around the corner, this place will make a name for itself.	misc	positive
it melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency, not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.	food	positive
when he finally did, he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn't find tonic.	service	negative
my girlfriend convinced me to go in the other night for a quick bite.	misc	neutral
the dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of chinese here).	food	negative
despite the untasteful previous review.	misc	neutral
don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.	misc	positive
sure, everyone's got their favorite, but to know sal, is to know new york.	misc	neutral
i think that it is absolutely brilliant and well-run business operation.	misc	positive
also they were $15 each!	price	negative
the service is ok, some of the people didn't get what they asked for.	service	neutral
my friends spoke so much about it for months, i finally made the time to come down ear and dine in.	misc	neutral
if you want good authentic thai this place is not the place to go.	food	negative
i recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one.	misc	neutral
the only thing i moderately enjoyed was their grilled chicken special with edamame puree.	food	neutral
this is as good as neighborhood restaurants come.	misc	neutral
if you want some roast duck, pork or chicken on rice with ginger, try them out!	food	positive
you order from a menu, so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience.	misc	negative
one of the more authentic shanghainese restaurants in the us definitely the best in manhattan chinatown.	misc	positive
we will go back every time we are in the city.	misc	positive
we love th pink pony.	misc	positive
so eat fast and order a lot.	misc	neutral
staff is very accommodating.	service	positive
i have to agree with the previous reviewer.	misc	neutral
--eat club is a roving group of nyc gluttons	misc	neutral
if you were there when it first opened, give this restaurant a second chance.	misc	positive
i went to del frisco's friday night with my boyfriend for an 8 00 reservation.	misc	neutral
if you like sakagura but you feel it's too much, you'd better try yokocho.	misc	neutral
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you don't agree with me.	misc	positive
definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date.	misc	positive
you can't go wrong with this place.	misc	positive
very popular style izakaya (sake and small portion of sake friendly dishes ).	food	positive
hurley's is like cheers where everyone knows your name and they are actually glad you came.	service	positive
not pretentious and very economical.	ambience	positive
not pretentious and very economical.	price	positive
the food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.	food	positive
the food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.	service	positive
this is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.	food	positive
fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.	food	positive
we have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.	service	positive
quick and friendly service.	service	positive
authentic bistro!	misc	positive
they are tasty, but i suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average american digestive system.	food	neutral
somewhat pricey but what the heck.	price	negative
it's true, this place is not cheap.	price	negative
try the hot dogs too, they're snappy and delicious.	food	positive
delivery is fast too.	service	positive
being from the south, there aren't any good delis in my area and while watching foods across america on pbs i found out about katz's deli.	misc	neutral
the noise level was unbearable, conversation impossible.	ambience	negative
personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.	food	positive
highly recommended is the spicy fried clam rolls and spider rolls.	food	positive
one of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way.	misc	positive
it's convenient.	misc	positive
thanks bloom's for a lovely trip.	misc	positive
the atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon.	ambience	positive
the atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon.	price	positive
oh right, i should probably say something nice.	misc	neutral
odd for ave b, not just odd, the place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least.	ambience	neutral
when we stumbled on leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem but, we were certainly wrong.	misc	negative
instead of wasting your time here support restaurants that care about food.	misc	negative
this is can became on e of the ny italian food fare institutions.	misc	neutral
just got back from lunch at tamarind and it was excellent.	food	positive
head and shoulders above its neighbors on east 6 st, taj mahal is also very comparable, in food quality, to the much overpraised (and under deserving) baluchi's.	food	positive
the man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were booths open all around).	service	negative
try the cheesecake!	food	positive
as we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.	service	negative
as we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.	food	negative
david, daytona beach, fl	misc	neutral
perhaps.	misc	neutral
great indian food and the service is incredible.	food	positive
great indian food and the service is incredible.	service	positive
go here.	misc	positive
if you are in the area try the bagel shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd ave.	misc	positive
rosario's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence.	misc	positive
decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.	food	positive
decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.	ambience	positive
i had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, i expected it to have some type of flavor.	food	neutral
we ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.	food	negative
especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.	food	positive
the waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished.	service	negative
the restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the hudson river and the statue of liberty.	ambience	positive
my wife and i always enjoy the young, not always well trained but nevertheless friendly, staff, all of whom have a story.	service	neutral
we generally like good restaurants and eat out often but kai was way to expensive for what we got.	price	negative
what a great place.	misc	positive
the sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day.	food	positive
don't eat here unless you're starving for thai food and you work next door.	misc	negative
this tiny williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.	misc	positive
for the people who want great food plus great service, roxy is a place to avoid!	food	negative
for the people who want great food plus great service, roxy is a place to avoid!	service	negative
i had the best ravioli ever.	food	positive
while the menu isn't especially groundbreaking, everything i've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty.	food	neutral
ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding.	service	positive
the bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.	price	neutral
quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi i have ever tried.	food	negative
the food is great, service is ok.	food	positive
the food is great, service is ok.	service	neutral
the overall price tag was very very expensive, something i did expect.	price	negative
by the time we were done, it was past 1 00am.	misc	neutral
spice is great thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.	food	positive
spice is great thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.	price	positive
read all the other review, they'll confirm it.	misc	neutral
even after they overcharged me the last time i was there.	service	negative
the service was attentive.	service	positive
he not only makes his own homemade mozzarella, but every pie is ultra fresh.	food	positive
fish was overdone.	food	negative
great idea and base for restaurant, but work on the details, people who think this was good need to go back to the shore towns and rethink what it should have tasted like.	misc	neutral
when you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.	ambience	positive
we visited bread bar during january restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.	food	positive
we visited bread bar during january restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.	service	positive
i have been twice to this restaurant.	misc	neutral
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection.	ambience	neutral
you could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other french bistros.	misc	negative
the establishment scores big points in presentation and style.	ambience	positive
the rest of the dim sum, though pricey by chinatown standards, is worth it.	food	positive
the rest of the dim sum, though pricey by chinatown standards, is worth it.	price	negative
good food.	food	positive
the wait staff is very friendly, if not overly efficient.	service	positive
surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.	misc	positive
the dim sum however was very good.	food	positive
it's better than being on the roof of sutton place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night.	misc	positive
service has always been friendly and efficient.	service	positive
went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.	food	neutral
its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch.	misc	positive
all we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner.	service	negative
the table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.	service	negative
prices are very good.	price	positive
we could not catch our waiter's eye, and he ignored us.	service	negative
fantastic place.	misc	positive
plain and simple it's bad thai food.	food	negative
definitely not a restaurant to skip!	misc	positive
they refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends.	service	negative
usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish.	food	neutral
while certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.	food	neutral
the dim sum was so-so, but not spectacular.	food	neutral
the food was so-so.	food	neutral
the waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.	service	negative
the place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.	ambience	positive
what a ripoff!	price	negative
threw my fiance's surprise 30th birthday dinner here couldn't be happier.	misc	positive
you can do it here.	misc	neutral
food awesome.	food	positive
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	food	positive
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	service	positive
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	ambience	positive
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	price	positive
there was a small wait, but shorter than i expected.	misc	neutral
the lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.	price	negative
the lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.	food	neutral
may, the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you.	service	positive
i've lived in ny for 5 years and this place has it all.	misc	positive
i just read mocaramel's review and felt compelled to respond.	misc	neutral
the sides were ok and incredibly salty.	food	negative
it hits the spot every time	misc	positive
for some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the salmon.	food	negative
not a large place, but it's cute and cozy.	ambience	neutral
don't be fooled by crowds of people.	misc	negative
and there's no way out.	misc	neutral
the beverages were excellent, and the dessert was good.	food	positive
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.	service	negative
next time, we wouldn't dare ordering anything else other than some simple asian appetizers and drinks.	food	neutral
please if your thinking about it go, and stay the wait you won't be disappointed.	misc	neutral
i must say the view of nyc is so beautiful!	ambience	positive
if you'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent, long tan is a good place on the slope.	food	positive
when going out for a nice dinner, i like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.	misc	neutral
for all you lazy folks that don't want to come to alphabet city, i say, good - stay out.	misc	neutral
otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.	service	positive
otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.	ambience	positive
otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.	price	positive
highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.	food	positive
highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.	service	positive
highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.	price	positive
this place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.	service	negative
a++. the service was good to excellent along with the attitude.	service	positive
this is my fourth try over a two year period, and i'm done.	misc	negative
the food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass.	food	positive
the music does get a little loud at times, but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife, and as i did, i got a whiff of coriander.	ambience	neutral
black white shakes came out good also.	food	positive
it's simply the best meal in nyc.	misc	positive
probably would not go again.	misc	negative
after passing by this restaurant for sometime i finally decided to go in and have dinner.	misc	neutral
the seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant, so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here.	ambience	negative
i ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.	food	neutral
we go on mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to blue ribbon.	food	neutral
tuk tuk is my second favorite neighborhood thai place (the first being joya).	misc	positive
however, they've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot.	food	positive
great bagels made the old-fashioned way.	food	positive
this is some really good, inexpensive sushi.	food	positive
this is some really good, inexpensive sushi.	price	positive
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread, but all the bagels are unbelievably good.	food	positive
i wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.	food	negative
for the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.	service	negative
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc.	food	positive
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc.	service	positive
also good for client lunch meetings, esp.	misc	positive
for $600 ( the most we have ever paid) not even waving a magic wand will ever get us back for a repeat performance.	price	negative
the decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.	ambience	positive
the decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.	price	positive
the decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.	food	positive
the staff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.	food	positive
the staff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.	service	positive
the setting is casual and romantic.	ambience	positive
it was horrible.	misc	negative
terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.	service	negative
great friendly service, fast seating, fast delivery, excellent sushi.	food	positive
great friendly service, fast seating, fast delivery, excellent sushi.	service	positive
the desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced french restaurants.	food	positive
the italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the ues), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the ny yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner.	food	positive
the italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the ues), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the ny yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner.	service	neutral
as many other reviewers noticed, your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time.	service	neutral
i found the food to be outstanding, particularly the salmon dish i had.	food	positive
mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.	food	positive
the new york times has reviewed this place three times already, you know it's going to be good.	misc	positive
baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.	food	positive
baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.	ambience	positive
baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.	price	positive
emilio, the owner, is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go.	service	positive
i have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner.	misc	neutral
moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was very salty!	food	neutral
i came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged.	misc	negative
i came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged.	price	negative
a cheap eat for nyc, but not for dosa.	price	neutral
the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.	service	neutral
the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.	ambience	negative
the seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.	food	positive
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.	food	neutral
pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high (ask for extra rye bread).	food	positive
($200 for 2 glasses of champagne, not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks).	price	negative
really though, where's the seasoning?	food	negative
the food was just ok, at least for what food was available.	food	negative
by dinner time, they turn it around and mount a huge comeback!!	misc	positive
the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!	food	positive
the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!	service	positive
the ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	service	negative
the ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	ambience	positive
solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.	food	positive
solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.	service	positive
the people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in new york sometimes.	service	positive
we didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.	service	positive
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it.	food	positive
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it.	ambience	neutral
otherwise, good stuff for late nite eats.	food	positive
the dinner was ok, nothing i would have again.	food	negative
it is thick and slightly soggy.	food	negative
its not the same if you have to sit inside.	ambience	neutral
i love and i know gourmet food by excellence!	food	positive
i plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.	food	positive
i plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.	misc	positive
great people watching as others do the same to you.	ambience	positive
maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but i've experienced the same with other restaurants so i don't appreciate such practice.	misc	negative
two people in our party felt like something else, and volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.	service	positive
two people in our party felt like something else, and volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.	food	positive
he offers subpar service and has no personality.	service	negative
the waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.	service	positive
the waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.	food	positive
i'm going back.	misc	positive
diner food at bistro prices is a bummer.	price	negative
my friends and i have been going here regularly for two years.	misc	neutral
wow! how have i missed this one ,tried long tan last week for the first time and now know what the ny times and many more in the neighborhood already knew.	misc	positive
go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby veal calf(ok bad joke), but you will see.	misc	positive
while we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.	ambience	negative
while we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.	food	positive
me and my girls will definitely go back.	misc	positive
the first time the sushi was outstanding, the second time it was a little bland.	food	neutral
the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.	food	positive
the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.	service	positive
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.	food	positive
ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in.	misc	neutral
all the food was hot tasty.	food	positive
have been several times and it never disappointing.	misc	positive
this is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza.	food	neutral
our server was very helpful and friendly.	service	positive
try green curry with vegetables.	food	positive
would recommend this place as a good date spot if you don't want to drop a ton of cash.	misc	positive
would recommend this place as a good date spot if you don't want to drop a ton of cash.	price	positive
while i'm not sure that this happens all the time, this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business!	service	positive
this place was not all that!	misc	negative
first of all, this place is not romantic, as claimed by citysearch's editorial review.	ambience	negative
the second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.	ambience	positive
the second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.	service	positive
much more reasonably priced too!	price	positive
if you venture off the island of manhattan and can't seem to find a great italian restaurant, drive to corona.	misc	neutral
the food was not very tasty, the portions were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.	food	negative
my friend from milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian.	misc	positive
others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they're eaten.	misc	neutral
why make a reservation if you aren't going to keep it?	service	negative
the pad thai is excellent here, as well.	food	positive
big and gawky on the outside.	ambience	negative
i have been to mary's many times and i like it.	misc	positive
searching to get out from the cold, freezing weather, we went into what we thought was a deli.	misc	negative
i do not recommend lunch specials just because it tastes the same with other regular chinese restaurant.	food	negative
highly recommended!!!!!	misc	positive
this is the best thing in soho.	misc	positive
went here last night and had a pleasant experience.	misc	positive
we parked on the block of nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.	misc	positive
we parked on the block of nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.	food	positive
i came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend.	misc	neutral
for $760 for 2 people, it's a once in a lifetime experience.	price	negative
the food is ok, but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant.	food	neutral
we had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great.	food	positive
i think the stuff was better than disney.	service	positive
after reading the good reviews of this restaurant, i decided to give it a try with two friends.	misc	neutral
while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.	misc	negative
while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.	ambience	positive
while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.	price	positive
while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.	food	negative
orsay, is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic french food in nyc.	food	positive
i had been searching really hard for a restaurant in new york where i could really feel unwanted and ignored and i finally found it!	service	negative
it's definitely not a place to go if you want to impress someone.	misc	negative
well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.	food	negative
well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.	service	negative
the staff is no nonsense.	service	positive
chinese desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness.	food	positive
wonderful at holiday time.	misc	positive
and really large portions.	food	positive
the place is a lot of fun.	misc	positive
this is a great thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.	misc	positive
this is a great thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.	service	positive
have eaten at ginger house several times, and it's always good.	misc	positive
i ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.	food	negative
we went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a saturday, and i was thoroughly impressed with the food.	food	positive
i recommend the garlic shrimp, okra (bindi), and anything with lamb.	food	positive
as a japanese native, i've lived in the tristate area for over 8 years, but i was just so amazed at this place.	misc	positive
to give you an idea of how good we thought it was, we ended up going to ping's three weekends in a row!!!	misc	positive
as we were leaving, the couple standing by the door said to another waiter, we're not in a hurry.	misc	neutral
the menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.	food	positive
in fact, two people could really share one plate.	food	positive
the food is great and authentic.	food	positive
this was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.	misc	positive
during happy hour!	misc	neutral
good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers.	misc	positive
love yuka.	misc	positive
anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.	food	positive
anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.	price	positive
go, go, hurry, before everyone finds out about it.	misc	positive
prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.	food	positive
prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.	price	negative
i am bringing my whole family back next time.	misc	positive
this place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing.	food	positive
the photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look.	ambience	negative
the food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.	food	negative
but the coconut rice was good.	food	positive
it took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.	service	negative
a guaranteed delight!	misc	positive
i have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years.	misc	neutral
overall i would recommend it and go back again.	misc	positive
the food was great.	food	positive
pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.	food	positive
pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.	price	positive
if you like your music blasted and the system isn't that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimum then you'll love it here.	ambience	negative
if you like your music blasted and the system isn't that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimum then you'll love it here.	price	negative
all of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they hadn't heard about this place.	food	positive
anyway, this is the last time i cross the williamsburg.	misc	negative
metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal.	ambience	positive
friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.	service	positive
when i'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office, i head for cafe st. bart's.	misc	neutral
guess the 555soul ads didn't launch her big modeling career.	misc	neutral
the restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.	service	positive
the restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.	ambience	negative
besides, we were on vacation!	misc	neutral
i love this cozy around the way rest.	ambience	positive
quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.	food	positive
quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.	price	positive
don't leave without trying one night in tokyo.	misc	positive
save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!	misc	negative
this is my favorite italian restaurant in all of new york city.	misc	positive
the place is a little tight and on a cold day, the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty.	ambience	negative
the appetizing is excellent - just as good as zabars barney greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).	food	positive
the appetizing is excellent - just as good as zabars barney greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).	price	positive
but, they were too big for the bun.	food	negative
the food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.	food	positive
the food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.	price	positive
raga stands out with an interesting fusion of french and indian cooking.	food	positive
a few tips skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.	food	negative
the bagels are fabulous.	food	positive
oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.	service	negative
although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.	service	positive
although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.	ambience	positive
the food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.	food	positive
the food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.	ambience	positive
the food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.	price	positive
the food options rule.	food	positive
a great choice at any cost and a great deal.	misc	positive
a great choice at any cost and a great deal.	price	positive
anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.	food	negative
we ate here in march, 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight.	food	neutral
definitely check it out!!!	misc	positive
probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).	ambience	neutral
their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, yuck.	food	negative
it takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something (although they don't forget to charge you for it.	service	negative
the place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.	ambience	positive
saturday, nov. 6th i had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accommodate us.	service	positive
good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.	food	positive
first, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which i would have chosen had i known about them.	service	negative
we will be back.	misc	positive
also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.	food	positive
it seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too.	misc	positive
check out the secret back room.	ambience	positive
it's also attached to angel's share, which is a cool, more romantic bar.	ambience	positive
authentic food and they have real service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.	food	positive
authentic food and they have real service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.	service	positive
stick to the gulab jamun.	food	positive
i am amazed by the poor reviews- i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	food	positive
i am amazed by the poor reviews- i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	service	positive
i am amazed by the poor reviews- i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	ambience	positive
i am amazed by the poor reviews- i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	price	positive
i was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.	service	negative
i was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.	ambience	negative
with the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.	food	positive
with the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.	ambience	positive
i was a little leary about mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but i'm glad i finally tried it.	ambience	negative
i was a little leary about mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but i'm glad i finally tried it.	misc	positive
we were not disappointed in the least bit by this little gem.	misc	positive
also very inexpensive.	price	positive
we've only eaten in the restaurant once, but we have ordered many times for dinner.	misc	neutral
i got enough reasons to keep coming back!!!	misc	positive
by far this is the only chinese desserts place i know in ny or anywhere close in the northeastern america that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar.	food	positive
the food is great and reasonably priced.	food	positive
the food is great and reasonably priced.	price	positive
the characters really make for an enjoyable experience.	ambience	positive
i would definitely recommend sea if you like thai cuisine!	food	positive
over the years the host, vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.	service	positive
the restaurant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accommodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic taiwanese.	ambience	neutral
the restaurant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accommodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic taiwanese.	price	positive
the restaurant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accommodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic taiwanese.	food	positive
my husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.	food	neutral
you cannot go wrong with this place.	misc	positive
it is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late, raucus dinner.	misc	positive
the food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.	food	positive
prices are in line.	price	neutral
the combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in ny.	food	positive
the food is prepared quickly and efficiently.	food	positive
and for this i had to shell out a small fortune?	price	negative
for all of you new to indian food, try the paneer roll, it is a piece of heaven.	food	positive
the food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.	food	positive
both the fresh mozzarella slices and the plain cheese slice are phenomenal.	food	positive
i have tried literally every restaurant on curry row.	misc	neutral
the food is terrible and overall, i would have to say avoid at all costs.	food	negative
i've been to this monster sushi twice, the 46th st once, the 23rd st one a number of times.	misc	neutral
unfortunately, the food was not something to get worked up about.	food	negative
it's constantly open, catering to the pakistani cabbies lined up on crosby st., so there's more turnover with the food than you'd expect (i.e., surprisingly fresh).	food	positive
it's constantly open, catering to the pakistani cabbies lined up on crosby st., so there's more turnover with the food than you'd expect (i.e., surprisingly fresh).	ambience	positive
i had filet mignon with garlic mash.	food	neutral
i went at 6 00 pm specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.	food	positive
i went at 6 00 pm specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.	price	positive
the staff were attentive, polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters.	service	positive
go inside and you won't want to leave.	misc	positive
i loving bringing friends here - and i do so every chance i get.	misc	positive
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the peter's favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.	food	positive
yes, the prices are high, but i felt it was worth it.	price	neutral
the large selection of bruschetta, panini, tramezzino keep the palate from stagnating.	food	positive
have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.	service	positive
while this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burnouts.	food	positive
the owner truly caters to all your needs.	service	positive
he takes real pride in his food and his business.	service	positive
he takes real pride in his food and his business.	food	positive
every time in new york i make it a point to visit restaurant saul on smith street.	misc	positive
my boyfriend and i went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all i can say is that it was magnificent.	misc	positive
so if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.	food	positive
so if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.	price	positive
over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.	food	positive
i would go back tho.	misc	positive
the photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and i pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.	food	positive
too large for just two people but nothing was left.	food	positive
i cannot imagine better indian food in all of the city.	food	positive
great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).	ambience	positive
a pleasant surprise.	misc	positive
i asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!	service	negative
if you don't mind all that noise then go to the chart house.	ambience	neutral
we got most of it back at home with us.	misc	neutral
get there before 7pm.	misc	neutral
very good breads as well.	food	positive
if this happens, just ask for real naan.	misc	neutral
we were fans of the half-price saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.	food	negative
we were fans of the half-price saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.	price	positive
so, if yo really don't care who is sitting next to you, which is about 2 inches away, i would say try it.	ambience	neutral
pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.	food	positive
definitely a neighborhood favorite.	misc	positive
this is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value of money.	price	positive
my first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend.	misc	neutral
example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $12 dollars and the mushrooms where $12 for about 1oz.	price	positive
service is not exactly five star, but thats not really a big deal.	service	neutral
there are other people waiting!	service	neutral
from beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with raspberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.	food	positive
ou must try this restaurant.	misc	positive
we left, never to return.	misc	negative
consistently good japanese tapas.	food	positive
no apologies during restaurant week.	misc	negative
my goodness, everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing.	food	positive
this place started off a little iffy, but is now one of my favorite indian restaurants in nyc (and i'm indian, so i should know).	misc	neutral
they also do a great job for restaurant week.	misc	positive
i went to this restaurant with a woman that i met recently.	misc	neutral
the dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest i've ever had).	food	positive
this is where the aforementioned line was.	misc	neutral
the food is reliable and the price is moderate.	food	positive
the food is reliable and the price is moderate.	price	neutral
aside from the bearded, corduroy blazer professor type with the nyu student he's sleeping with that week, you see a strange mix of hipsters, frat boys, will smith types who need to be told they are black, bitter cougars who cant understand why they aren't married yet.	ambience	neutral
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	food	negative
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	service	negative
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	ambience	positive
we always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied.	misc	positive
i don't how this place is still running.	misc	negative
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.	service	positive
we were in search of food and stumbled on this block of indian restaurants on east sixth street.	misc	neutral
planet thailand has always been a hit with me , i go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .	food	positive
very excited to hear that short-term chef jason narone has moved on, he truly was a low point of their sterling track record.	misc	negative
excellent experience.	misc	positive
well worth the trip, close to city hall and downtown subway stops.	misc	positive
i had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an inattentive.	service	negative
i had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an inattentive.	ambience	negative
what more could you want?	misc	positive
if you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.	misc	positive
all in all, i don't see how you can go wrong.	misc	positive
the sauce on the pizza is so good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.	food	positive
we recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since i had my yorkie with me.	ambience	positive
my husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.	food	positive
we were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8 00 pm curtain call.	misc	neutral
the food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.	food	positive
the food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.	ambience	negative
i'm told that it is open 24hrs which is good.	misc	positive
super friendly and knowledgeable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	food	positive
super friendly and knowledgeable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	service	positive
super friendly and knowledgeable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	ambience	positive
the prices were fantastic.	price	positive
what a great place!	misc	positive
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liqueurs which were courtesy of the house.	food	positive
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liqueurs which were courtesy of the house.	price	neutral
the table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry, i understood they were busy.	service	neutral
it's not mind-blowing, but to me, thai food never is and never will be.	food	neutral
food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though i wish the pork belly that i ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).	food	neutral
although, one night we went it was super cheesy, and another night it was less cheesy.	food	neutral
even though it is a little loud, you don't have to yell at each other to talk.	ambience	neutral
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.	food	positive
it is kinda noisy and the tables are close together but it's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner.	ambience	neutral
was surprisingly disappointed.	misc	negative
i love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap.	food	positive
i love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap.	price	positive
nicky the nose at the bar is a treat.	service	positive
i went to ruby foo's after work with a group of 6.	misc	neutral
i'm amazed we haven't been kicked out of this place yet.	misc	neutral
service was prompt, friendly and great.	service	positive
i haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgin olive oil.	food	positive
the sushi was awful!	food	negative
katz's has been a nyc original for over 100 years.	misc	positive
you can get an excellent meal at most of the many indian restaurants on nearby lexington avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here.	price	negative
the pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.	food	positive
the plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothing on the rest.	food	negative
late nite omelettes are not good here, there is no variety!	food	negative
everything at sala thai is tasty and well-portioned.	food	positive
after all that, they complained to me about the small tip.	service	negative
it's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner.	price	positive
behind this counter, two men are squeezed in.	ambience	negative
great find!!!	misc	positive
if only they delivered, they'd make a mint!	misc	positive
whenever you need a sushi fix, mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.	food	positive
whenever you need a sushi fix, mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.	service	positive
our waitress was sweet and accommodating, not overbearing.	service	positive
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.	service	negative
i was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there.	misc	negative
the website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing.	ambience	neutral
the website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing.	misc	neutral
despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.	food	neutral
the outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.	ambience	positive
a large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.	price	negative
in any event, this is a place i'll be sure to stop by again when i'm in this part of town.	misc	positive
i definitely wouldn't go back.	misc	negative
it is not worth for that bucks.	price	negative
brick oven gallery is my pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere.	misc	positive
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.	food	positive
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.	price	positive
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.	service	positive
for many people, this may not seem like authentic thai food because most places in nyc aren't quite authentic.	food	negative
growing up in ny, i have eaten my share of bagels.	misc	neutral
oh, don't even let me start with how expensive the bills were!	price	negative
a hearty two thumbs up!	misc	positive
the scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.	food	neutral
all the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!	food	positive
besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.	service	negative
besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.	price	negative
service is top notch.	service	positive
the food now is inconsistent.	food	negative
all pretty good.	misc	positive
you can also special order any kind of dumpling,etc.	misc	positive
you guys rock.	misc	positive
chance is a joke.	misc	negative
i was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.	food	positive
i was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.	misc	positive
be careful before you request extra spice.	food	neutral
the octopus eaters were floored by the octopus salad.	food	positive
we thought that this place is using too much of msg cooking in the foods.	food	negative
i was at rao's last wed.	misc	neutral
and the tom kha soup was pathetic.	food	negative
i started out with a bombay beer which was big enough for two.	food	positive
the decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.	ambience	positive
service was quick.	service	positive
tends to turn people away.	misc	negative
we thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like.	misc	neutral
i was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine, and have been going back regularly ever since.	misc	positive
drawbacks service is slow and they don't toast!	service	negative
went there for an office lunch.	misc	neutral
i have been doing all of the above at the heartland brewery for over 5 years now and i have never been disappointed!	misc	positive
everytime i decide to try another place on the ues, i get angry that i didn't just go to zucchero pomodori.	misc	neutral
the sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasmalai was forgettable.	food	neutral
we've been following chef lyle's food around new york for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.	food	positive
the best thing i tasted were the lambchops.	food	positive
it's delicious!	food	positive
the spicy tuna and salmon are the best we've ever had.	food	positive
even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	food	positive
even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	price	negative
in addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.	food	positive
in addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.	price	positive
upon entering, we were greeted by the owners, steven and frederick, who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts.	service	positive
if you live outside the neighborhood, don't bother!	misc	negative
been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably.	misc	negative
meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.	food	neutral
i never had anything i didn't like here.	misc	positive
reasonable prices.	price	positive
they bring service up a notch by offering complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.	service	positive
try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.	food	positive
it won't break the bank but i also wouldn't come back for the food.	food	negative
it won't break the bank but i also wouldn't come back for the food.	price	neutral
all in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.	misc	positive
i've been to joya twice and i will never go again.	misc	negative
so rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!	misc	negative
however it is the only taiwanese restaurant in town.	misc	neutral
it is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of disney type special effects.	ambience	positive
if you're looking for perfect traditional sushi, go here - if you're looking for interesting combinations, try sushi of gari's (east side).	food	positive
no refills on fountain drinks, though.	food	negative
wow over 100 beers to choose from.	food	positive
be careful of portions - they're huge.	food	positive
the steak tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.	food	positive
my first time there i happened not to like the crab croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.	service	positive
my first time there i happened not to like the crab croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.	food	negative
great for large groups and celebrations - our super happy waiter was the entertainment of the evening.	service	positive
great for large groups and celebrations - our super happy waiter was the entertainment of the evening.	misc	positive
did i mention the wine?	food	neutral
plus, on wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited!	food	positive
it is by far my favorite restaurant in brooklyn.	misc	positive
now it's so crowded and loud you can't even talk to the person next to you.	ambience	negative
love pizza 33.	misc	positive
even my indian friend couldn't believe how good and tasty everything was.	food	positive
i'm from england, and haru's was the best i had in nyc.	misc	positive
less = more in their case.	misc	positive
ruby foo's is a tourist trap.	misc	negative
i've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed.	misc	negative
i've been many time and have never been disappointed.	misc	positive
ciao bella	misc	neutral
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it downtown manhattan.	food	negative
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it downtown manhattan.	service	negative
the dim sum servings here are a bit larger than i'm used to.	food	neutral
however, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.	service	neutral
however, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.	ambience	negative
we won't go to this place again for a good meal.	food	negative
it's a much more grown up restaurant compared to the rest of the street.	ambience	neutral
barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.	food	neutral
we were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant!	service	negative
after dinner, take your date to the huge dance floor, probably one of the biggest you'll see in ny.	ambience	positive
taj mahal offers great value and great food.	food	positive
taj mahal offers great value and great food.	price	positive
has the chef and owner changed???	service	neutral
my boyfriend and i recently had an early dinner at artisanal and was satisfied with our experience.	misc	positive
i absolutely loved this place.	misc	positive
i wish i lived there as i would eat at this place as often as possible!	misc	positive
but don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.	food	negative
outstanding bagels, but you get what you pay for.	food	positive
outstanding bagels, but you get what you pay for.	price	negative
pizza - the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!	food	positive
if you're in town, it's worth searching for another place.	misc	negative
i have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one.	misc	positive
i found it on a cold night, the perfect spot to warm up.	ambience	positive
they even have a section in the menu called american chinese food!	food	negative
service was warm and attentive, beef carpaccio was excellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.	food	positive
service was warm and attentive, beef carpaccio was excellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.	service	positive
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together.	food	neutral
best italian food i ever had (and being italian, that means a lot).	food	positive
i will recommend scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful italian food.	food	positive
located at the end of a magnificent block.	ambience	positive
this restaurant is not worth the time, effort, or money to say the least.	price	negative
this restaurant is not worth the time, effort, or money to say the least.	misc	negative
looking around, i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.	ambience	positive
looking around, i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.	food	positive
keep up the good work guys!	misc	positive
hurley's is terrific!	misc	positive
they don't walk around with the trays of dim sum.	ambience	positive
took my sister here before attending a show one evening.	misc	neutral
great bar, most gorgeous bartenders you've ever seen (specifically the blond lady).	service	positive
we were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.	service	negative
really.	misc	neutral
i really loved the different and innovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.	food	positive
our friends have not arrived yet.	misc	neutral
they came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant.	food	negative
i had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.	food	positive
i had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.	service	positive
the svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	service	negative
the svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	misc	positive
my husband and i thought it would be great to go to the jekyll and hyde pub for our anniversary, and to our surprise it was fantastic.	misc	positive
never once did i leave feeling unwelcome or impressed.	misc	neutral
the food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.	food	positive
but the main hit was the whole grilled fish.	food	positive
i had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.	price	positive
on a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.	misc	positive
the food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.	food	positive
the food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.	service	positive
i usually go there later at night when i get off work so i don't have to deal with crowds or lines.	misc	neutral
pizza here is consistently good.	food	positive
we had a great time watching the shows and characters and food was just what we were looking for.	food	positive
we had a great time watching the shows and characters and food was just what we were looking for.	ambience	positive
after 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.	service	negative
wouldn't recommend it for dinner!	misc	negative
sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.	food	negative
my husband and i enjoy sangria.	food	positive
but after last night, spice grill is the only place i'm eating indian cuisine.	food	positive
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.	service	positive
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.	food	positive
first the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course.	service	negative
not sure where the previous reviewer, look, dined, but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!	food	positive
not sure where the previous reviewer, look, dined, but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!	ambience	positive
in an area sadly lacking in decent thai food, this is one of the best spots.	food	positive
tell them herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter.	misc	neutral
make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to time square.	service	neutral
the food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.	food	positive
they don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.	food	negative
other appetizers and food	food	neutral
the noodle and rices dishes taste great.	food	positive
the food's as good as ever.	food	positive
the crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.	food	positive
the crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.	service	positive
your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem!	misc	positive
also a little more expensive than your average bagel place.	price	negative
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.	food	negative
and the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating.	food	positive
the sauces used are also not that exciting.	food	negative
the secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.	food	positive
i absolutely love this place!!!	misc	positive
the rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.	food	negative
we had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses!	food	positive
the shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.	food	positive
i am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort.	misc	negative
when my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occasion of some sort.	service	positive
i got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.	price	positive
i got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.	food	positive
there are other vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those.	misc	neutral
there is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.	ambience	negative
there is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.	service	negative
if it's just a quick martini at the bar (which i recommend jeffery's) or a mind blowing roast chicken, go to village!	food	positive
no thanks!!!	misc	negative
there was a long wait for a table outside, but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our inside table was very nice.	service	neutral
i would definitely recommend this restaurant.	misc	positive
the prices are wonderfully low.	price	positive
if you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.	food	positive
i love this place!	misc	positive
i have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials.	food	positive
i have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials.	price	positive
so much more than the usual bar food, go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers.	food	positive
a big disappointment, all around.	misc	negative
and its absolutely delicious.	food	positive
no free drink.	price	negative
i would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach something that i can't not mention or undermine.	food	neutral
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.	food	positive
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.	service	positive
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.	misc	positive
definitely highly not recommended.	misc	negative
while they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.	food	positive
while they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.	price	positive
i had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.	service	positive
the two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place.	misc	neutral
don't waste money on decor.	ambience	positive
they also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and french with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for?	ambience	positive
go to any corned indian restaurant, and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme!	misc	positive
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.	food	neutral
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.	misc	neutral
given the incredible architecture surrounding it, this place has no character.	ambience	neutral
i'd call it an italian dinner.	misc	neutral
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary.	misc	neutral
while the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	food	positive
while the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	ambience	negative
while the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	price	positive
i have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls' night.	misc	neutral
have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.	food	positive
have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.	misc	positive
their eggplant is so delicate, sweet tender!	food	positive
i pray it stays open forever.	misc	positive
each bite of food at kai was indeed delicious, fresh, and elegant.	food	positive
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.	food	positive
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.	price	positive
if you want to save some money, don't go here.	price	negative
my friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.	food	positive
i had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, i'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).	food	neutral
it's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the pink pony can be so ruined by lousy service.	service	negative
it's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the pink pony can be so ruined by lousy service.	ambience	positive
this is the first time citysearch didn't call it right.	misc	neutral
you should pass on the calamari.	food	negative
the porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.	food	negative
try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps.	food	positive
the food portions are really large.	food	positive
the fries are yummy.	food	positive
friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.	service	positive
best taiwanese food in ny!	food	positive
i have eaten at many pizza places around nyc and this is hands down the worst.	misc	negative
this place is a great stop for great food.	food	positive
all the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that i have had in the city.	food	positive
what for?	misc	neutral
fantastic!	misc	positive
they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.	food	negative
highly recommended for a first date.	misc	positive
we laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, i feel.	service	negative
and the prices were way to high for what you get.	price	negative
but people from sichuan will die for it) - chongqing hot pot, chongqing was the biggest city of sichuan, now became an independent province.	misc	positive
skip baraonda down the street (eurotrashy, snooty and expensive) and check this place out!	misc	neutral
skip this location and go to the one in soho.	misc	neutral
the staff ignored my friends and i the entire time we were there.	service	negative
yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.	service	negative
i went to areo on a sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends, and spent three enjoyable hours there.	misc	positive
the in-house lady dj on saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music, and moreover, takes requests.	ambience	positive
i need at least three rolls to be full, and that's at least $14.00!	price	negative
anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment.	misc	negative
all of it was simply amazing, unique and tasty and best of all it didn't break the bank.	food	positive
all of it was simply amazing, unique and tasty and best of all it didn't break the bank.	price	positive
great wine list, reasonably priced.	food	positive
great wine list, reasonably priced.	price	positive
the hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.	food	negative
while the food was excellent, it wasn't cheap (though not extremely expensive either).	food	positive
while the food was excellent, it wasn't cheap (though not extremely expensive either).	price	neutral
beef noodle soup is good as well.	food	positive
i was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got!	misc	negative
delivery service is great too.	service	positive
the food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic thai cuisine.	food	positive
i received prompt service with a smile.	service	positive
they pray to their food gods to make them into a good pizza like vt's.	food	neutral
the place was quiet and delightful.	ambience	positive
molto bene!	misc	positive
the best i've found outside of the chinatown masters.	food	positive
they are amazing!	misc	positive
avoid this place!	misc	negative
the food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.	food	positive
a must try!	misc	positive
as much as i like the food there, i can't bring myself to go back.	misc	negative
as much as i like the food there, i can't bring myself to go back.	food	positive
it looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.	food	negative
the prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the west village.	ambience	positive
the prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the west village.	price	positive
the soup is pretty good too.	food	positive
it is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in nyc with a week's notice.	misc	positive
i have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats.	food	positive
if you go to roth's try to be served by mike, he is great!!	service	positive
based on a visit a month ago, i returned the week before christmas and was hugely disappointed.	misc	negative
went here on a friend's recommendation.	misc	neutral
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, i agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .	service	negative
i love ess-a-bagel, but i live on the west side, so i often go to murray's for convenience.	misc	positive
i always get the shabu-shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh.	food	positive
the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!	food	negative
we were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a sunday night.	food	positive
nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegetables.	food	positive
nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegetables.	service	negative
nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegetables.	ambience	negative
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentation, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	food	negative
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentation, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	service	neutral
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentation, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	ambience	neutral
we will definitely go back.	misc	positive
i live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of the pizza place at 3am.	misc	positive
is just the way it was in days gone by.	misc	neutral
if i could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in nyc.	food	negative
if i could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in nyc.	service	positive
the food is amazing!!!!	food	positive
having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit, but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues.	food	positive
the portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	food	negative
the portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	service	positive
for the price, you cannot eat this well in manhattan.	price	positive
for the price, you cannot eat this well in manhattan.	food	positive
the owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!	service	positive
the owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!	food	positive
the atmosphere is great!!!	ambience	positive
it can be a very fun experience with a group, and kids (6 and over) would love it.	ambience	positive
with so many good restaurants on the uws, i don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	service	negative
with so many good restaurants on the uws, i don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	price	negative
with so many good restaurants on the uws, i don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	food	negative
i tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.	food	positive
the service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.	food	positive
the service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.	service	negative
the bruschetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.	food	neutral
and evaluated on those terms pastis is simply wonderful.	misc	positive
the atmosphere isn't the greatest , but i suppose that's how they keep the prices down .	ambience	neutral
the atmosphere isn't the greatest , but i suppose that's how they keep the prices down .	price	positive
the pickles were great addition.	food	positive
if your favorite chinese food is general tao chicken, then this is not your place.	food	negative
you must try the shrimp appetizers.	food	positive
not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.	food	positive
not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.	service	positive
filled with suits, though, so you never really feel terribly comfortable.	ambience	negative
the production is a symphony, a lot of fun to experience. the food sublime for the most part.	food	positive
the production is a symphony, a lot of fun to experience. the food sublime for the most part.	misc	positive
waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.	food	negative
waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.	service	negative
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and wouldn't miss roxy,s food is expensive but it's new york!	misc	neutral
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and wouldn't miss roxy,s food is expensive but it's new york!	price	neutral
it's like you are transported to the italian countryside, very romantic and filled with antiques.	ambience	positive
the cold appetizer dishes taste like the way i remember them to taste when i was growing up in taiwan.	food	positive
just go and see for yourself.	misc	neutral
the restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.	misc	neutral
interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.	food	positive
interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.	service	positive
interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.	ambience	positive
i hate this.	misc	negative
any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.	service	positive
whether it's the parmesan porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to northern italy with one bite.	food	positive
that place was awesome,,, sally !	misc	positive
the food at this place is gourmet indian cuisine.	food	neutral
finally a reliable chinese restaurant!	misc	positive
get over it!	misc	neutral
but the thing that my wife and i hated was it was so loud and it felt like bar or pub.	ambience	negative
however, it just so happens that there's an even more amazing place just down the street.	misc	positive
while there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich, katz's has a charm about it.	food	positive
however, looking at the table next to ours, we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza, which looked perfect.	food	positive
priced at upper intermediate range.	price	negative
the fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.	food	neutral
i recommend ordering in on a weeknight.	misc	positive
if you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.	food	negative
if you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.	price	negative
try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.	food	positive
while it's not nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.	misc	positive
while it's not nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.	food	positive
while it's not nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.	price	positive
so my husband made up an excuse so we can leave.	misc	negative
it's very spicy but not offensive.	food	neutral
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.	service	positive
i don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.	misc	negative
i don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.	ambience	negative
the rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.	food	positive
they used shredded cheese on top!	food	neutral
they are located in the middle of chinatown!	misc	neutral
the food is great and they have a good selection of wines at reasonable prices.	food	positive
the food is great and they have a good selection of wines at reasonable prices.	price	positive
eating at ottimo is like eating in chef salvatore esposito's home.	misc	positive
katz's deli is a great ny experience.	misc	positive
check it out.	misc	positive
the only positive was the wait staff, which was prompt, knowledgeable, and likable.	service	positive
i couldn't recommend their godmother pizza any higher.	food	positive
i am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.	food	positive
i was very impressed by this low-key upper east-sider and their authentically thai cuisine!!!	food	positive
i was very impressed by this low-key upper east-sider and their authentically thai cuisine!!!	ambience	positive
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.	misc	positive
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.	price	negative
for the location, the prices are very reasonable.	price	positive
the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.	food	neutral
the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.	price	neutral
my friend's food was also the complete opposite of what it's supposed to taste like (and look like).	food	negative
i ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.	food	negative
i would like to return and try some of the other menu items when i don't have to rush off to a show.	food	positive
we have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.	food	positive
we have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.	service	positive
hopefully next time, i will save room for dessert.	food	neutral
alain ducasse is the best of everything, i mean everything was excellent.	misc	positive
not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.	price	positive
not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.	food	positive
the corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth.	food	positive
the best chicken pad tai, i've ever had.	food	positive
we weren't even at our table for more than an hour total.	misc	neutral
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.	price	positive
it has been my first choice ever since i discovered it .	misc	positive
over 100 different choices to create your own.	food	positive
haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on park avenue south and friendly service.	food	positive
haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on park avenue south and friendly service.	service	positive
haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on park avenue south and friendly service.	ambience	positive
warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.	ambience	positive
very romantic fires - i've literally spent hours at lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.	food	positive
very romantic fires - i've literally spent hours at lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.	ambience	positive
we got a little tipsy from the sake but isn't that what saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about?	misc	neutral
i almost wanted to write a bad review, so no one would ever go here and i could have all the dumplings to myself!	food	positive
after reading the posts, i was always skeptical to go to the minnow, despite living in park slope.	misc	neutral
i loved it and will be back soon.	misc	positive
always a nice crowd, but never loud.	ambience	positive
my turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.	food	negative
the service is spotty, sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there.	service	neutral
decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend.	ambience	neutral
his drinks are very inventive, delicious and classy.	food	positive
great food, great prices, great service.	food	positive
great food, great prices, great service.	service	positive
great food, great prices, great service.	price	positive
this isn't your corner chinese food takeout.	misc	neutral
awesome pizza especially the margherita slice.	food	positive
this place, however, has a lot less pretension than joya and the thai food is still above-average.	food	positive
this place, however, has a lot less pretension than joya and the thai food is still above-average.	ambience	positive
my husband and i ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni.com,	misc	neutral
try ordering from the regular menu, then you would not regret!	food	positive
told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.	service	negative
uni from maine vs california, sea vs freshwater eel) to get a good taste comparison.	misc	neutral
we started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.	food	positive
the crispy chicken wasn't for us, though.	food	negative
just awsome.	misc	positive
food is great.	food	positive
there is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.	food	positive
i recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!	food	positive
this place is incredibly tiny.	ambience	negative
i will definitely go back again and again, that's for sure!!!	misc	positive
i didn't complain, i liked the atmosphere so much.	ambience	positive
this is one of our all-time favorite.	misc	positive
in reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.	service	negative
the wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.	food	positive
but when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.	price	positive
but when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.	service	positive
this place is amazingly bad.	misc	negative
compared to other shabu restaurants around town, this places wins hands-down.	misc	positive
i've been to several places for dim sum and this has got to be the worst.	food	negative
i've been to several places for dim sum and this has got to be the worst.	misc	negative
i love this place.	misc	positive
the freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.	food	positive
the freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.	service	positive
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food.	food	positive
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food.	service	positive
it's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.	service	positive
it's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.	ambience	positive
dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time.	misc	negative
the people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud.	ambience	negative
the sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.	food	negative
the sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.	price	negative
the problem is just that it is a sometimes kind of affair.	misc	neutral
price no more than a jersey deli but way better.	price	positive
the fried rice is really good too.	food	positive
we were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager tony gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections.	service	positive
made my dining experience uncomfortable.	misc	negative
it's a steal!	price	positive
we went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments.	misc	neutral
still stay away, the table next to us walked out after my table and another were serves eventhough they were there much longer.	service	negative
i was with a party of 7 (close but not next the the front doors) and we were eating with our coats on.	ambience	negative
a very inviting restaurant, with friendly service.	service	positive
a very inviting restaurant, with friendly service.	ambience	positive
the back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.	ambience	positive
what's the difference between the two?	misc	neutral
will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings!	misc	positive
good french restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at katz' deli, or mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.	misc	positive
i was very disappointed with this restaurant.	misc	negative
the drinks are always well made and wine selection is fairly priced.	food	positive
the drinks are always well made and wine selection is fairly priced.	price	positive
we also had shared a house salad that was fresh.	food	positive
the ceiling is amazing!	ambience	positive
my wife and i were in nyc celebrating our 30th anniversary.	misc	neutral
i'm glad i was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in ny.	misc	positive
and at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.	service	negative
and at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.	food	negative
not a small feat for good french food in the area.	food	positive
the space is a bit too small for live music, so on jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.	ambience	negative
food was average but tasty.	food	positive
we come from new jersey to eat at kinoko.	misc	neutral
big wong gets big ups for a fine establishment.	ambience	positive
will never be back.	misc	negative
the entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.	food	negative
i highly recommend it.	misc	positive
oh and it's too tiny for families with strollers.	ambience	negative
the staff was the friendliest that have seen in new york.	service	positive
with the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.	food	neutral
the pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, i've had better thai food in less aesthetically pleasing places.	food	neutral
delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	food	positive
delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	price	positive
delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	ambience	negative
my picks guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).	food	positive
overall, i'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its chinatown.	price	positive
overall, i'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its chinatown.	misc	neutral
admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm, but the open kitchen is part of the charm.	ambience	neutral
my six year old loved it.	misc	positive
pizza was a little soggy.	food	negative
the food includes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaat, as well as other great indian appetizers.	food	positive
the singapore mai fun had no curry flavor whatsoever.	food	negative
the only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.	service	negative
the wine list is interesting and has many good values.	food	positive
murray won't do it.	service	negative
i'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.	food	negative
this restaurant used to be our regular thursday night dinner location.	misc	neutral
definite go if you're used to good indian restaurant food from abroad.	food	positive
thr atmosphere is compact, modern, yet cozy.	ambience	positive
by far, the best pizza in manhattan.	food	positive
decent thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little nolita hangout, but service terrible.	food	positive
decent thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little nolita hangout, but service terrible.	service	negative
decent thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little nolita hangout, but service terrible.	ambience	neutral
most people eat there seem to be typical upper east side snobs, so be aware.	ambience	negative
the waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.	service	negative
the food is mostly made from scratch, fresh and well prepared.	food	positive
worse of all, $60 was erroneously added to our $80 bill.	service	negative
too cold to enjoy.	ambience	negative
no more reservations, expensive tips and annoying stuff.	service	positive
try the sea bass.	food	positive
$20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality. i even took a friend here from japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the us that he has been to.	food	positive
$20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality. i even took a friend here from japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the us that he has been to.	price	positive
i brought some buddies from ca and they loved it.	misc	positive
inside is a little cramped, but to be expected.	ambience	neutral
sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.	price	negative
sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.	food	neutral
during our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.	service	positive
but they don't have a toaster, which is strange.	service	negative
so, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.	food	positive
so, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.	ambience	negative
the menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.	food	neutral
a must for all the dosa lovers.	food	positive
the portions are huge, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.	food	positive
the appetizers are just ok and the main courses were decidedly subpar.	food	negative
someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.	food	negative
the exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.	food	positive
the staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table.	service	positive
if you are a vegetarian, this really isn't a good place to go.	misc	negative
try the mediterranean salad, it is a true experience for your taste buds!!	food	positive
i'm sure i'll return for a final judgment tho.	misc	neutral
of course, it is crowded but who cares.	ambience	neutral
this quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my manhattan restaurant list.	misc	positive
i've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.	misc	positive
people are always friendly.	service	positive
the cream cheeses are out of this world and i love that coffee!!	food	positive
from the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.	food	positive
hmmm.	misc	neutral
service was prompt and courteous.	service	positive
it was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap (undercooked) beef.	food	negative
chance is a small cozy restaurant, with a romantic feel to it, the decor is great.	ambience	positive
it was nice and fresh, but i can't give it high scores on being authentic thai.	food	neutral
overall, worth every penny.	price	positive
when i called this morning, i didn't think i would be able to get in at 12, but i was able to get in, along with four other guests.	misc	neutral
got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.	service	negative
only wine and beer are served, but the house varieties are actually quite good.	food	positive
this place must have cost the owners a fortune to build.	misc	negative
my mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant.	food	positive
i haven't been to the other locations.	misc	neutral
oh, and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough- yummy!	food	positive
people dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans.	ambience	neutral
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap.	food	positive
knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.	service	negative
knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.	food	negative
we were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.	misc	neutral
decent wine selection too.	food	positive
go with a group of friends and you will have a great time.	misc	positive
it saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.	misc	neutral
i have to say i have never had a disappointing meal here.	food	positive
it's one of our favorite places to eat in ny.	misc	positive
the place does get crowded, so i recommend going between 4-5 pm.	ambience	neutral
mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and pancetta (radicchio was kind of bitter though).	food	neutral
disappointing food, lousy service.	food	negative
disappointing food, lousy service.	service	negative
i'm from sichuan, this is the restaurant i recommend going.	misc	positive
this lovely french-asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on smith street.	misc	positive
if you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.	food	positive
if you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.	service	positive
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.	food	positive
but this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they're doing.	misc	positive
over price, and small portions .	food	negative
over price, and small portions .	price	negative
meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.	food	positive
meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.	service	positive
but i'd go back	misc	positive
stepped on my foot on the second time he reached over me to adjust lighting.	service	negative
the food was well prepared and the service impeccable.	food	positive
the food was well prepared and the service impeccable.	service	positive
but their best dish is the thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.	food	positive
but their best dish is the thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.	price	positive
good, dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch.	ambience	positive
my husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.	food	negative
but the thai is definitely not great -- bland and undistinguished.	food	negative
this thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from sripraphai (another delicious thai restaurant).	misc	neutral
great for groups, great for a date, great for early brunch or a nightcap.	ambience	positive
authentic shanghai style and i cannot recommend a better shanghai place in new york.	ambience	positive
our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.	service	positive
perhaps the last reviewer (who stated she was treated with attitude) lives in a parallel universe because i have never had anything but a perfect experience at yasuda.	misc	neutral
that said, i thought scalini fedeli was one of the best dining experiences i've ever had.	misc	positive
everything about this restaurant was special.	misc	positive
because we didn't have a reservation, we could only sit in the back garden, but it was great, secluded and perfect in nice weather.	ambience	positive
stuffing yourself with japanese food is a rare thing.	food	neutral
i try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited.	misc	neutral
while the food was good (certainly no il mulino) the service was horrendous.	food	positive
while the food was good (certainly no il mulino) the service was horrendous.	service	negative
it is expensive but well worth the money.	price	neutral
service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.	service	negative
our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.	ambience	positive
i would recommend reservations on weekends though.	misc	neutral
there are many thai places in the city but so far toons is 1.	misc	positive
great pizza for lunch place.	food	positive
the food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.	food	positive
the food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.	price	negative
i don't think i would go again.	misc	negative
we were a group of 8 and well served.	service	positive
we were a group of 8 and well served.	misc	neutral
and that's no mean feat.	misc	neutral
i often go there to eat with my family.	misc	neutral
i wish they would change back to what it was before.	misc	negative
the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the staff are all totally japanese.	food	positive
the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the staff are all totally japanese.	service	positive
the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the staff are all totally japanese.	ambience	positive
no pizza 33 for me!	misc	negative
i love their spicy scallop roll, and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken.	food	positive
i'm no food critic, but i'd like to think i have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in ny for the last 11 years.	misc	neutral
i noted it was crossed off on the bill.	misc	neutral
needless to say, i'm never going back and you should be wary too.	misc	negative
best dish is nori-wrapped tuna.	food	positive
the food was absolutely amazing!!	food	positive
some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.	service	negative
an excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.	food	negative
an excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.	misc	positive
mermaid inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.	misc	positive
mermaid inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.	food	positive
i work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time.	misc	neutral
i went here with my boyfriend and another couple.	misc	neutral
the staff is also attentive and friendly.	service	positive
the all you can eat deal is truly amazing here.	price	positive
that is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.	food	negative
that is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.	price	negative
this is definitely a place that provides the best experience, though, to both a-listers and people walking in off the street.	misc	positive
they were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.	food	negative
they were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.	price	negative
first it took us a long time to find the place.	misc	negative
all of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!	food	positive
all of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!	price	positive
it is about food and ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.	food	negative
it is about food and ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.	ambience	negative
the food was good too.	food	positive
we have tried every thai restaurant between atlantic avenue and 4th streets, and joya is the best.	misc	positive
immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.	service	negative
the dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!	ambience	positive
admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in new york or anywhere in the us.	food	positive
i am a die hard peep lover.	misc	positive
once you become a regular, you are treated as one.	service	positive
the menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them.	food	positive
everyone treats you like you were part of the family.	service	positive
the white bean bruschetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal.	food	positive
the rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats.	food	neutral
the menu is nothing like the one on the website.	food	negative
great food, great lay out and awesome service.	food	positive
great food, great lay out and awesome service.	service	positive
great food, great lay out and awesome service.	ambience	positive
ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.	service	negative
sea has become so popular that they've let it go to their heads.	misc	negative
we walked in on a wednesday night and were seated promptly.	service	positive
chennai garden is my favorite indian restaurant in the city.	misc	positive
the wait staff is very friendly, they make it feel like you're eating in a friendly little european town.	service	positive
oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister restaurant arties cafe.	misc	positive
(besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city).	misc	positive
my roommate and i love this place.	misc	positive
the staff are all very busy, it's not outstanding service, but i've never been dealt with rudely.	service	neutral
i have lived in japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in japan.	food	positive
i have lived in japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in japan.	ambience	positive
not worth it.	misc	negative
in the evening, this place attracted a well dressed, with it, ny crowd.	misc	neutral
they have it all -- great price, food, and service.	food	positive
they have it all -- great price, food, and service.	service	positive
they have it all -- great price, food, and service.	price	positive
so close, but not good enough.	misc	neutral
this was on a tuesday night.	misc	neutral
its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car (i happen to live in inwood).	misc	negative
the flavors are great, and the menu is extensive.	food	positive
the food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!	food	positive
the food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!	service	positive
the food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!	ambience	positive
this place has the best interior i have seen anywhere in the northside of w'burg, and will impress whoever you bring there.	ambience	positive
the food has been consistent for years and it never lets you down.	food	positive
i found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy.	food	positive
and forget what you read under me, the atmosphere isn't that bad either.	ambience	neutral
don't waste your time, or money!!	misc	negative
they don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.	misc	negative
we couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.	service	negative
sometimes i get good food and ok service.	food	positive
sometimes i get good food and ok service.	service	neutral
we just ate at kai and were disappointed.	misc	negative
it's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.	food	neutral
it's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.	ambience	negative
it's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.	price	negative
this was a great surprise.	misc	positive
after complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.	service	negative
after complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.	food	negative
the food was spicy and delicious.	food	positive
i went with my fiance on a tuesday evening.	misc	neutral
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.	price	neutral
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.	food	positive
it was wonderful.	misc	positive
went for a late weekday lunch.	misc	neutral
i just don't understand all the hype.	misc	negative
bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.	service	negative
anyways, if you're in the neighborhood to eat good food, i wouldn't waste my time trying to find something, rather go across the street to tamari.	food	negative
dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet.	food	neutral
although the place could be a little more eye catching and roomier, at the same time, it doesn't really matter.	ambience	neutral
you can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation.	ambience	negative
this was my first time at cafe st. bart's and i must say how delicious the food and the service was.	food	positive
this was my first time at cafe st. bart's and i must say how delicious the food and the service was.	service	positive
i don't get it either.	misc	negative
went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers.	misc	neutral
great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work.	food	positive
it's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).	food	negative
one would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.	service	negative
one of my favorite places in manhattan.	misc	positive
they brought glasses and the bottle, and just left the bottle at our table.	service	negative
we actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	food	neutral
we actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	service	neutral
we actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	price	negative
we were looking forward to nice glass of sangria when we arrived.	food	positive
i would highly recommend requesting a table by the window.	misc	positive
while we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and slow service) and lack of remorse.	food	positive
while we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and slow service) and lack of remorse.	service	negative
i for one will never patronize them again.	misc	negative
i stumbled upon this great pizzeria as i explored my new neighborhood.	misc	positive
after hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant, and passing by it on a daily basis, we decided to try.	misc	neutral
the service, however, was a bright flower in a garden.	service	positive
so, again, give it a try.	misc	positive
stay far away from this place.	misc	negative
we will come back!!!	misc	positive
we've been to grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed.	food	positive
the food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.	food	neutral
a touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed.	food	positive
tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.	food	neutral
we'd go back again	misc	positive
we ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.	ambience	positive
the location is perfect.	ambience	positive
guacamole shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the fillet, very good, didn't much like the fries that came with, but the fillet was so good, neither of us cared.	food	neutral
the lunch special is an absolute steal.	price	positive
this food is asian-air fusion.	food	neutral
nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.	food	positive
nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.	price	positive
the chicken pot pie is exceptional, the cheeseburger huge and delectable, and the service professional wan warm.	food	positive
the chicken pot pie is exceptional, the cheeseburger huge and delectable, and the service professional wan warm.	service	positive
while i quite liked the food and the ambience, i'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the michelin rating they have displayed so proudly in the window.	food	neutral
while i quite liked the food and the ambience, i'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the michelin rating they have displayed so proudly in the window.	ambience	neutral
i'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning.	misc	positive
but on a lazy saturday night, we ended up going.	misc	neutral
there are a few italian employees who may not speak the best english but for me that adds to the experience.	service	neutral
i have never eaten in the restaurant, however, upon reading the reviews i got take out last week.	misc	neutral
once for dinner and once for brunch.	misc	neutral
i've been to at cafe spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best indian restaurant around union square.	misc	positive
not worth the prices.	price	negative
would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central.	misc	positive
from the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just fantastic.	service	positive
service was good and food is wonderful.	food	positive
service was good and food is wonderful.	service	positive
i only have friends.	misc	neutral
she gets 10 for her excellent service and advice.	service	positive
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal	ambience	neutral
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal	food	positive
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods, indian included, i made friends with this place long ago.	food	positive
please save yourself the frustration.	misc	negative
and i say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner.	ambience	neutral
the quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!	food	positive
the quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!	ambience	positive
i have eaten at saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.	food	positive
i have eaten at saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.	misc	neutral
(always ask the bartender for the seasonal beer!!!	food	positive
if your visiting, you'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it's in time sq.	ambience	positive
we were on our way back to nj, and since i am in ny, we figured why not grab some food?	misc	neutral
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective!	price	positive
and comparing it to the chinatown restaurants is simply not fair.	misc	neutral
service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.	food	neutral
service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.	service	neutral
love the atmosphere - felt like i was in paris.	ambience	positive
every course was better than the next.	food	positive
not cheap, but not that expensive either.	price	neutral
the staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.	service	positive
if presentation and service is your thing, then this magic show works.	service	positive
apparently, the good cook works then.	food	positive
i was pleasantly suprised.	misc	positive
the yellowtail was particularly good as well.	food	positive
one less manhattanite the better.	misc	neutral
everyone is welcomed in as family.	service	positive
i ate clams oreganata and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil.	food	positive
the menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.	food	negative
spice is sleek, modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet.	ambience	positive
spice is sleek, modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet.	price	positive
patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.	service	positive
patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.	ambience	positive
hey, i think $2+ for a 5 block walk ain't bad.	misc	neutral
very affordable and excellent ambient!	ambience	positive
very affordable and excellent ambient!	price	positive
look elsewhere.	misc	negative
more important, the sushi rivals the best in tokyo.	food	positive
i have never had cheesecake like this.	food	positive
bill a little high, but worth it.	price	neutral
i seriously doubt i will ever dine at jimmy's bronx, or for that matter, jimmy's uptown, again.	misc	negative
everyone i bring here always loves it.	misc	positive
my co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery, only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered.	service	negative
worth a visit.	misc	positive
a real disappointment.	misc	negative
its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests.	ambience	positive
why do people rave about the ambience.	ambience	negative
were meeting up with some friends for a drink at lafayette 161 and happened to walk by thai angel famished.	misc	neutral
fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.	food	positive
great sushi experience.	food	positive
if you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to del frisco's!	food	positive
if you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to del frisco's!	price	positive
they charge $6.00 for rice.	price	negative
my steak au poivre was one of the worst i've had.	food	negative
on a recent sunday afternoon, a friend and i accidentally found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play doubt.	misc	positive
the owner and staff are all japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.	ambience	positive
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.	food	positive
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle light, food quality and service overcompensate.	food	positive
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle light, food quality and service overcompensate.	service	positive
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle light, food quality and service overcompensate.	ambience	neutral
the food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).	food	positive
the food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).	service	positive
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable staff, i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.	food	positive
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable staff, i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.	service	positive
i will be going back and heartily recommend it!	misc	positive
would definitely visit again.	misc	positive
definitely worth the trip to battery park city!	misc	positive
perhaps this food is considered extreme to an upper east side resident, but for the rest of us who've actually eaten ethnic food, this is simply dull.	food	neutral
the place was real empty but that was because this was the first sunday they ever opened.	ambience	neutral
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.	price	positive
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.	ambience	neutral
ambience is delightful, service impeccable.	service	positive
ambience is delightful, service impeccable.	ambience	positive
service was excellent, and the ac worked very well too (thank god, it was hot!).	service	positive
service was excellent, and the ac worked very well too (thank god, it was hot!).	ambience	positive
tasty but expensive.	food	positive
tasty but expensive.	price	negative
you get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice.	service	positive
both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.	food	positive
both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.	service	positive
so i thought why not change it up a bit.	misc	neutral
my friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great!	food	positive
although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.	price	neutral
the staff was accommodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	food	positive
the staff was accommodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	service	positive
the staff was accommodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	ambience	positive
p.s. please don't tell anyone in my family i eat there.	misc	neutral
my picks are - scallion pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty) - guizhou chicken - shredded squid family style (one of my personal favorites) - sichuan spicy soft shell crab - shuizhu fish (this one is for hardcore sichuan food fans, i wouldn't recommend to my american friends as it's very spicy.	food	positive
they smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.	food	negative
to celebrate a birthday, three of us went to mare anticipating great food.	misc	neutral
there was a great deal for 6 blue point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!	price	positive
i really liked the noodle dishes at rice avenue compared to their green curry dish.	food	neutral
i went to pams with my girlfriend, and i love it.	misc	positive
but for whatever reason, prices are about twice as high.	price	negative
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bagel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overrated and on the pricey side.	misc	neutral
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bagel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overrated and on the pricey side.	service	negative
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bagel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overrated and on the pricey side.	price	negative
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bagel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overrated and on the pricey side.	food	negative
great atmosphere and worth every bit.	ambience	positive
we had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant.	misc	negative
the spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!	food	positive
the staff was knowledgeable and full of personality.	service	positive
great staff.	service	positive
only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, i'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!	service	negative
only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, i'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!	price	negative
to finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the white chocolate bread pudding with gelato and hot chocolate.	food	positive
the banana tower is an amazing dessert as well.	food	positive
i went there with my friend last saturday.	misc	neutral
excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.	food	positive
excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.	service	positive
excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.	ambience	positive
a cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.	food	positive
a cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.	ambience	positive
great vibe, lots of people.	ambience	positive
i like mamoun's food as well, but side by side, kati rolls just produce tastier food hands down.	food	neutral
just an odd group.	misc	neutral
the service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in napoli, italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.	service	neutral
either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.	ambience	negative
it is not consistent.	misc	negative
but that wasn't the icing on the cake a tiramisu that resembled nothing i have ever had.	food	negative
great food and the prices are very reasonable.	food	positive
great food and the prices are very reasonable.	price	positive
wine list is not huge but def well selected.	food	neutral
a cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.	food	positive
a cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.	ambience	positive
be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.	food	positive
the ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.	ambience	positive
the ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.	service	positive
fresh, authentic, french cuisine in substantial portions.	food	positive
drinks got screwed up, she acted put upon.	service	negative
the one vegetarian entree (abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had winter melon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.	food	positive
at 5 dumplings for $1, you just cannot go wrong.	price	positive
but the pizza is way to expensive.	price	negative
and the staff is also young, energetic and hot!	service	positive
even better, they know how to cook french classics like steak au poivre and onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it.	food	positive
service was decent, but not as smooth as i would expect from a place with these prices and reputation.	service	neutral
we had a wonderful meal at naples 45 a month ago on a visit to nyc.	food	positive
good drink.	food	positive
great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massaman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.	food	positive
great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massaman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.	service	positive
great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massaman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.	ambience	positive
was there friday night.	misc	neutral
we had a girls' night dinner here for restaurant week.	misc	neutral
romantic if you want it to be (brightly lit).	ambience	positive
however, i was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from london noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling.	misc	negative
i recommend it!	misc	positive
i have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in ny and hooked a few new yorkers onto peep as well.	misc	positive
enough said!	misc	neutral
i don't live in ny but my best friend does.	misc	neutral
my chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.	food	negative
even though i made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!	misc	positive
even though i made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!	ambience	positive
we did notice however, that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan.	service	negative
i didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.	food	positive
after the review i trekked into brooklyn.	misc	neutral
the grilled cheese at home afterwards was better!	food	negative
we were pleasantly greeted.	service	positive
the red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside.	ambience	negative
great service, great food.	food	positive
great service, great food.	service	positive
the food is expensive, but worth every bite.	price	negative
the food is expensive, but worth every bite.	food	positive
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.	food	neutral
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.	service	negative
when we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.	service	negative
when we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.	misc	negative
in summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of suan)!!!	ambience	positive
it's the perfect restaurant for ny life style, it got cool design, awesome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar.	food	positive
it's the perfect restaurant for ny life style, it got cool design, awesome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar.	ambience	positive
recommendations, of course, are required!	misc	neutral
we did have to wait at the bar for approx.	service	negative
you fellas above says its the best taiwanese restaurant in town.	misc	neutral
yeah, it's that good.	misc	positive
if you love seafood, you would love this place!	food	positive
good, fast service.	service	positive
dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty indian restaurant in the upper east side.	food	positive
dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty indian restaurant in the upper east side.	price	positive
they charge different prices all the time.	price	negative
to dine at thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside, its so bland on the inside.	ambience	neutral
i was in love with pongsri on 48th, but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	misc	positive
i was in love with pongsri on 48th, but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	service	negative
i was in love with pongsri on 48th, but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	price	negative
my friends and i experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at artisanal last night.	food	positive
my friends and i experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at artisanal last night.	misc	positive
i am so coming back here again, as much as i can.	misc	positive
i have been going back again and again.	misc	positive
it's charmingly small and that leads to an atmosphere that is extremely cozy and romantic, even.	ambience	positive
it is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with japanese cuisine.	food	negative
in terms of the food itself -- nothing special, we limited ourselves to several appetizers.	food	neutral
love the jazz bands on fri and sat.	ambience	positive
overall, excellent restaurant!	misc	positive
to begin, we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave, when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready.	service	neutral
the servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait (shortly i might add).	service	positive
the service was ok.	service	neutral
when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not mcdonald's, every place makes things differently while it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.	service	negative
when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not mcdonald's, every place makes things differently while it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.	misc	negative
i ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it!	misc	positive
don't expect to sit down inside though, there are only a few tables and they are always full.	ambience	negative
the staff is accommodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!	food	positive
the staff is accommodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!	service	positive
the staff is accommodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!	ambience	positive
the food was delicious (i had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.	food	positive
the food was delicious (i had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.	service	positive
the manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.	service	negative
this is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.	misc	positive
but too far east!	misc	negative
satisfying.	misc	positive
highly highly highly recommended!	misc	positive
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.	food	positive
we took advantage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.	price	positive
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.	service	positive
this place is cool enough to be in the east village, but french enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in paris.	ambience	positive
we were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry.	misc	neutral
the staff are attentive, and have smiles on their faces.	service	positive
this is the best shabu-shabu restaurant in the try-state area.	food	positive
no dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy midtown.	ambience	positive
largest and freshest pieces of sushi, and delicious!	food	positive
even the pasta is delicious here (a rarity in new york pizza restaurants).	food	positive
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.	food	negative
maybe i say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.	misc	neutral
maybe i say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.	service	negative
maybe i say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.	food	neutral
after my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer.	service	positive
this place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the prospect expressway and greenwood cemetery - a wasteland we like to call the sliv.	misc	positive
now if they could only get a toaster.	misc	negative
you will find yourself returning quite often.	misc	positive
when he's not making authentic neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.	service	positive
when he's not making authentic neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.	food	positive
wait staff is blatantly unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws!	food	positive
wait staff is blatantly unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws!	service	negative
the ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at joe's.	food	positive
fish is so very fresh.	food	positive
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food.	price	positive
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food.	service	positive
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food.	food	positive
go only if you are already in the neighborhood and don't want to bother going farther for a better place.	misc	negative
top spot in town for vietnamese classics, better than places that cost a lot more.	food	positive
top spot in town for vietnamese classics, better than places that cost a lot more.	price	positive
less wait time for me!	service	positive
this was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.	food	positive
this was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.	ambience	positive
the decor is really blah, and not at all hip or happening.	ambience	negative
having discovered ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.	misc	neutral
having discovered ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.	ambience	positive
you cannot go wrong at the red eye grill.	misc	positive
it appears to be the owner's first venture and it shows.	misc	negative
i come from a family of pizzeria owners, and i'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in fornino's blows my families receipts away.	food	positive
i go twice a month!	misc	neutral
we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai.	food	negative
they have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.	food	positive
the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great.	food	positive
the food was authentic.	food	positive
the dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.	food	positive
the dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.	price	positive
i only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce, but it actually faired better than most nyc italian joints i've tried similar dishes at.	food	positive
the worst excuse for japanese food i've ever encountered.	misc	negative
a million better places to go in the city.	misc	negative
if celebrities make you sweat, then your in for a ride, but if your like most around these parts then you'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype.	misc	neutral
okay, i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.	food	negative
i ordered a chicken teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.	food	negative
i love it.	misc	positive
if you want something really different than try jekyll and hyde.	misc	positive
we had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10 15pm.	service	negative
we had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10 15pm.	misc	negative
we had pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.	food	positive
its located in greenwich village.	misc	neutral
there is no excuse for such lousy service!	service	negative
three strikes and this restaurant is out.	misc	negative
we bring in a party of ten or so every week.	misc	neutral
my boyfriend had the new england chowder it was good but i think the award should go to the lobster bisque.	food	positive
so, a little inconsistency there but either way, both pizzas were really good.	food	neutral
overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.	food	positive
overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.	price	negative
we would return to this place again!	misc	positive
not enough wines by the glass either.	food	negative
i had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.	food	positive
i must say it's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view.	price	negative
these innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible.	food	positive
just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.	ambience	negative
no gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.	food	positive
we were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.	misc	positive
we were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.	service	positive
my wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.	food	positive
everything i had was good, and i'm a eater.	food	positive
one should not go to lucky strike for the food.	food	negative
the service is awful--the last time i was there (and i do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.	service	negative
we could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.	food	neutral
we could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.	misc	neutral
to me it exemplifies soho, cute, artsy, interesting.	ambience	positive
try everything for that matter, it is all good.	food	positive
both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).	service	negative
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone.	misc	positive
i've been eating at taj mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the indian eateries on this block of indian restaurants.	misc	positive
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.	service	positive
try the green curry!!!	food	positive
we had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.	food	positive
we were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.	service	positive
you rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (massaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.	food	positive
you rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (massaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.	service	positive
the food there are satisfying.	food	positive
i highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.	misc	positive
i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!	misc	positive
i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!	food	positive
the bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.	food	positive
i agree.	misc	neutral
last memorial day, i tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but).	misc	negative
last memorial day, i tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but).	service	negative
the food was good.	food	positive
great wine selection, gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.	food	positive
at night, but it's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous.	ambience	negative
it just wasn't thai.	misc	negative
i have enjoyed everything i have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.	food	positive
i have enjoyed everything i have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.	misc	positive
i particularly love their yellowfin tuna and their mussel selection.	food	positive
i love to visit murrays for my bagel fix.	misc	positive
we made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed, reminds me of my grandfather, its old school italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire.	ambience	positive
recommended.	misc	positive
the place was nice and calm.	ambience	positive
cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.	food	positive
cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.	price	positive
i could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out.	food	negative
when we sat, we got great and fast service.	service	positive
most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.	service	positive
i think locals rate this place so high.	misc	neutral
service is average.	service	neutral
but they've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual).	food	positive
go girls!!!	misc	positive
they forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.	service	negative
the steak is good, the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great.	food	positive
for asian fusion, there are many places further downtown.	misc	neutral
old school meets new world.	misc	neutral
i am reluctant to write because i would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.	misc	positive
the service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and i would have rather eaten at a mcdonald's than this joint.	service	negative
the service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and i would have rather eaten at a mcdonald's than this joint.	ambience	negative
this is probably one of my new favorite places.	misc	positive
for being number 1, this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation.	misc	negative
for myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occasion, i do prefer smaller, quieter restaurants.	misc	neutral
for myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occasion, i do prefer smaller, quieter restaurants.	ambience	neutral
the one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side.	misc	neutral
they all know you.	service	positive
my gf and i still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.	food	positive
my gf and i still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.	ambience	positive
we ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.	food	positive
the buffet had a nice selection.	food	positive
staff are very friendly.	service	positive
this restaurant is such a great place.	misc	positive
once you step into cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path parisian bistro.	ambience	neutral
i've been several times and am totally smitten.	misc	positive
terrible experience.	misc	negative
i love the place.	misc	positive
service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.	service	negative
will have to return to try the chocolate!	misc	neutral
it's only $1.95 for a regular slice and $4.00 for a slice with a mushroom, not mushrooms.	price	positive
there is a real gallery of stars that have visited.	ambience	neutral
the food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.	food	negative
the food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.	service	negative
the food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.	ambience	negative
i really enjoyed the shows put on by the actors.	ambience	positive
our first time in new york and we had to try a new york bagel.	misc	neutral
service was efficient courteous.	service	positive
this one is definitely my least favorite.	misc	negative
i have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn.	misc	neutral
the miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.	food	negative
everytime my husband and i go there, we are never disappointed.	misc	positive
they are the best bagels i've had.	food	positive
we were not disappointed.	misc	positive
i've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not new yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.	misc	neutral
toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.	ambience	positive
$160 for 2 fillets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.	food	neutral
$160 for 2 fillets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.	price	neutral
while the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.	price	positive
while the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.	food	positive
its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.	ambience	positive
its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.	food	positive
we arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the past!	misc	negative
however, i think this place is a good hang out spot.	ambience	positive
the menu is prix fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is well worth it superb food.	price	negative
the menu is prix fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is well worth it superb food.	food	positive
rao is a good restaurant, but it's nothing special.	misc	neutral
the wine list is extensive and impressive.	food	positive
we had the most wonderful waitress.	service	positive
while the staff at this little bistro is very friendly, i have never experienced more incompetency.	service	neutral
the quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor.	food	positive
when we left at 8 00 pm, it was packed and noisy.	misc	neutral
when we left at 8 00 pm, it was packed and noisy.	ambience	negative
okay, so i never write but there doesn't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning green bo and it's time to speak up - i live in chinatown.	misc	neutral
the zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.	food	positive
the staff is courteous and friendly.	service	positive
never fails to please.	misc	positive
decor is nice though service can be spotty.	service	positive
decor is nice though service can be spotty.	ambience	positive
aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.	food	positive
aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.	service	negative
will absolutely visit again.	misc	positive
make sure you have the spicy scallop roll.	food	positive
i would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.	misc	positive
i would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.	price	positive
i would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.	food	positive
and even with it's pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too!	ambience	neutral
this big draw is the all you can sushi here for $19.95!	price	positive
i consider the best grand sichuan restaurant in nyc.	misc	positive
we spent 50 $$ definitely will come back with my friends!!!	misc	positive
we spent 50 $$ definitely will come back with my friends!!!	price	positive
went to village last night for my birthday.	misc	neutral
some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.	service	negative
the specials are usually quite good too.	food	positive
they've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.	food	positive
try the chocolate mud cake (warmed) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato.	food	positive
that's good and bad.	misc	neutral
really cool staff inside.	ambience	positive
while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	misc	neutral
while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	ambience	positive
while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	food	negative
the best burger i have had in the village.	food	positive
we visited orsay during ny restaurant week and tried their $35 menu.	misc	neutral
i would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space.	food	positive
came here for restaurant week, didn't save much, but it was still great.	misc	neutral
came here for restaurant week, didn't save much, but it was still great.	price	neutral
would never go back there.	misc	negative
three of us arrived for dinner about 5 30 on a week night without reservations.	misc	neutral
the blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.	food	positive
the blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.	service	positive
the blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.	ambience	positive
there is usually a wait but it is well worth it.	misc	neutral
be careful, when they say spicy, they mean it!	misc	neutral
your money could easily be better spent elsewhere (anywhere).	misc	negative
only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.	service	negative
as always we had a great glass of wine while we waited.	food	positive
bring your appetites.	misc	neutral
the wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b $ way).	service	positive
of course this atmosphere is lacking, but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways?	ambience	negative
service was very good and warm.	service	positive
for dinner i had the chicken tikka masala and some garlic naan.	food	neutral
cornelia street looks like a broadway set for west side story and the inside of po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in nyc.	ambience	positive
like others have said, don't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes, a busy restaurant may require you to wait.	ambience	negative
like others have said, don't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes, a busy restaurant may require you to wait.	service	negative
seriously, this place kicks ass.	misc	positive
food was good and the view of the new york city skyline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went.	food	positive
food was good and the view of the new york city skyline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went.	ambience	positive
also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.	food	negative
the food is nothing like its menu description.	food	negative
try the pad see ew or chicken with cashew nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience.	food	positive
it's just o.k. pizza.	food	neutral
i loved it and would highly recommend.	misc	positive
i've been here twice now.	misc	neutral
the food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, i thought it was just annoying.	food	neutral
the food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, i thought it was just annoying.	ambience	neutral
the best place to bring kids or any friends who want to do something different.	misc	positive
the service was a bit slow, but they were very friendly.	service	neutral
however, i do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant.	misc	negative
it's a small cute restaurant.	ambience	positive
i will be returning.	misc	positive
leon is an east village gem casual but hip, with well prepared basic french bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.	food	positive
leon is an east village gem casual but hip, with well prepared basic french bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.	ambience	positive
the food is above average for midtown and slightly better than some of the other heartland breweries in the city.	food	positive
this is a must for anyone who loves shabu-shabu.	food	positive
the food was absolutely horrible!	food	negative
food doesn't appear to be cooked on premises but there's a high turnover so its pretty fresh.	food	neutral
restaurant was dirty and unkempt.	ambience	negative
nice place though.	misc	positive
warning you may find it difficult to dine at other japanese restaurants after a visit to mizu!	misc	positive
similar to other indian restaurants, they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door.	misc	neutral
it is a small restuarant so go early and it will be nice and quiet- go late and it will be packed!	ambience	neutral
the people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak english, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	misc	neutral
the people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak english, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	service	negative
the people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak english, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	food	positive
the crackling calamari salad, which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants, is crispy and lightly dressed.	food	positive
not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.	food	neutral
not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.	price	positive
shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here simple contract, deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20.	misc	positive
the thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy!	food	positive
we've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we've been lucky?	service	positive
drinks way over priced.	price	negative
the main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level.	service	negative
what i didn't like was how the food came right after it was ordered.	food	negative
but warning to all those that use this site be weary, be very weary of recommendations.	misc	negative
moderate prices.	price	neutral
we had a great time at the jekyll and hyde pub last night.	misc	positive
try it side by side and there's no comparison.	misc	positive
i think i've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.	food	positive
my biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well.	food	neutral
this tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain parisian flair.	ambience	neutral
so sorry i can't rate this better.	misc	neutral
most importantly, food is excellent.	food	positive
buon appetito!	misc	positive
great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.	ambience	neutral
if we were to move from the upper east side, we would genuinely miss this restaurant.	misc	positive
the best part of the experience was knowing that the manager (a bubbly, friendly young woman with a great smile) truly cared about how we were doing.	service	positive
ok, for all of us growing up in the village of nyc, we have spoiled by a plethora of restaurants, most of which stay open very late.	misc	neutral
however, service was as plain as sesame crusted salmon i had.	service	neutral
however, service was as plain as sesame crusted salmon i had.	food	neutral
i would highly recommend it.	misc	positive
it's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.	misc	positive
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.	food	neutral
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.	service	negative
love this place.	misc	positive
so some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise.	misc	neutral
you get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.	food	positive
you get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.	ambience	positive
you get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.	price	positive
finally, after all the raving i went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be.	misc	positive
place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic.	misc	neutral
the service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.	service	negative
went last thursday.	misc	neutral
i love this place more and more everytime i go.	misc	positive
i go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try.	misc	positive
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!	food	positive
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!	ambience	neutral
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!	price	negative
we only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.	service	negative
saul is the best restaurant on smith street and in brooklyn.	misc	positive
waiters are slow but sweet.	service	neutral
i have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.	misc	neutral
we went to ino for valentines.	misc	neutral
the real kicker of the menu, however, is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass.	food	positive
it was good, but was not what i thought it would be.	misc	neutral
the music is the best among all the indian restaurants i have visited.	ambience	positive
the bread and lamb chops i had before the meal were quite good, however.	food	positive
he always says, i don't have customers.	misc	neutral
rao's has the best service and atmosphere in nyc.	service	positive
rao's has the best service and atmosphere in nyc.	ambience	positive
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian.	misc	neutral
good for dates or with friends.	misc	positive
they never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.	service	negative
one of the best chicken tikka masala.	food	positive
excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.	food	positive
excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.	ambience	positive
the kitchen however, is almost always slow.	service	negative
the corned beef and pastrami are excellent, much less fatty than those big tourist places around times square.	food	positive
cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.	service	positive
cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.	ambience	positive
we had a good time.	misc	positive
also, the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected, but a truly above and beyond thing to do.	service	positive
people are rude bit again it's new york!	service	neutral
we all felt it was worth it.	price	positive
the plain slice is great and if you get toppings, the whole slice is topped with them, not sparsely sprinkled on like some places.	food	positive
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.	service	negative
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.	ambience	negative
service is great, takeout is good too.	food	positive
service is great, takeout is good too.	service	positive
based on the reviews on here, it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 pm.	misc	neutral
the pizza is overpriced and soggy.	food	positive
the pizza is overpriced and soggy.	price	positive
everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.	food	positive
everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.	ambience	positive
you'll pay at least double at any other italian restaurant in the city, and most still don't compare.	price	positive
for the quality of food, a little too expensive.	price	negative
for the quality of food, a little too expensive.	food	negative
came looking for this place because i heard good things.	misc	neutral
i live on the street this place is on.	misc	neutral
horrible.	misc	negative
here's to the fake fish tanks too.	ambience	negative
its worth the wait though.	misc	positive
i've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.	food	positive
i've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.	service	positive
the first time i went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, i ordered the lobster cobb salad.	food	neutral
the first time i went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, i ordered the lobster cobb salad.	ambience	positive
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute.	ambience	positive
what an amazing meal and experience!	misc	positive
what an amazing meal and experience!	food	positive
unique appetizers.	food	positive
the staff has always been attentive and kind, and i've always been amazed at how they've handled all the various different group sizes that come in.	service	positive
it is the best deal in town for a monday night dinner at a fine restaurant.	price	positive
nothing special about this place.	misc	neutral
also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.	price	negative
and never strayed.	misc	positive
the wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for chinatown) alternative.	ambience	positive
leave the kids at home!	misc	neutral
this place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	misc	negative
this place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	price	negative
this place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	food	neutral
everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.	food	positive
everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.	service	positive
everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.	ambience	positive
and all of that won't break your bank!	price	positive
the thai food is good.	food	positive
just moved to the neighborhood and we've been trying all the west village sushi restaurants.	misc	neutral
great selection of wine, and seafood.	food	positive
delicious.	food	positive
acceptable prices.	price	positive
big thumbs up!	misc	positive
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda.	misc	neutral
we have lived in chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant.	misc	neutral
as i made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.	food	positive
as i made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.	price	positive
they even scoop it out nice (for those on a diet) not too much not to little.	service	positive
definitely not worth the price!	price	negative
orsay, is a very pleasant throw back to traditional french food, and french service as well.	food	positive
orsay, is a very pleasant throw back to traditional french food, and french service as well.	service	positive
it's easy to get a table for a large group and you don't get hustled out.	service	positive
great food at reasonable prices.	food	positive
great food at reasonable prices.	price	positive
salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.	food	positive
i ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked thai flavors in unexpected ways.	food	positive
that's why you have to pay more for that.	misc	neutral
if you've ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.	misc	neutral
if you've ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.	ambience	positive
i loved it.	misc	positive
they're are better taiwanese restaurants and they are located in flushing, queens.	misc	neutral
the prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.	price	positive
and you can't beat the prices.	price	positive
but i wouldn't wanna live there.	misc	neutral
arigatou gozaimasu yuka!	misc	neutral
should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it.	food	positive
i had the black cod with yuzu sauce, which was wonderful.	food	positive
prices too high for this cramped and unappealing restaurant.	price	negative
prices too high for this cramped and unappealing restaurant.	ambience	negative
tuk tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in brooklyn.	misc	positive
this quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip.	misc	positive
i knew upon visiting nyc that i wanted to try an orginal deli.	misc	neutral
i would highly recommend this place!	misc	positive
total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.	service	negative
total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.	ambience	positive
yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.	service	negative
thank you emilio.	misc	positive
first of all dal bukhara rocks.	misc	positive
everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.	food	negative
everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.	service	negative
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious).	food	positive
it is terrific, as is the value.	food	positive
it is terrific, as is the value.	price	positive
the sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great!	food	positive
downstairs lounge is always a good attraction	ambience	positive
the menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.	price	negative
the menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.	food	negative
the food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not overbearing or rushed.	food	positive
the food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not overbearing or rushed.	service	positive
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) we got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained empty our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	service	negative
the takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.	service	positive
the food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.	food	negative
off the beaten path, this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street indian restaurants.	misc	positive
could be pricey without a prix fixe meal.	price	negative
this is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive.	ambience	positive
i would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.	misc	positive
one of us actually liked the expresso - that's it.	food	neutral
everyone was more then happy with his choices.	service	positive
again, the waitress was awesome.	service	positive
worth the trip from manhattan.	misc	positive
i loved everything about it, especially the shows and actors.	misc	positive
i loved everything about it, especially the shows and actors.	ambience	positive
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.	food	positive
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.	service	positive
the food was just ok, i would never go back.	food	neutral
the food was just ok, i would never go back.	misc	negative
zero ambiance to boot.	ambience	negative
got a little loud after 8pm when the joint got full.	ambience	negative
scalina fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining.	service	positive
i recommend the thai popcorn )	food	positive
i can't wait for the next time.	misc	positive
everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.	food	positive
everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.	ambience	positive
as soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out.	service	negative
the paratha and kebab are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed.	food	positive
great neighborhood joint.	misc	positive
the tuna and wasabi potatoes are excellent.	food	positive
the only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a relatively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).	service	negative
my fiance took me to scopa last week for my birthday and i couldn't believe the food.	misc	neutral
my fiance took me to scopa last week for my birthday and i couldn't believe the food.	food	positive
ummm, the beer was cold.	food	positive
i take all my nyc guests to vt's.	misc	positive
it is sometimes a little cramped, and can get a little warm, but hello, it's nyc!	ambience	neutral
we had great desserts (including the best cannoli i've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.	food	positive
we had great desserts (including the best cannoli i've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.	service	positive
good crowd, good outdoor seating, with a hip japanese vibe.	ambience	positive
even with the prix fixe pricing, this restaurant is not worth it.	misc	negative
we asked to be moved (which took half an hour), and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back, even though the rest of the room was practically empty.	service	negative
good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off, like in this case.	misc	positive
however, their popularity has yet to slow down, and i still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.	misc	positive
however, their popularity has yet to slow down, and i still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.	ambience	positive
where tanks in other chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.	food	positive
where tanks in other chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.	ambience	positive
the halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.	food	negative
the halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.	service	negative
the view is spectacular, and the food is great.	food	positive
the view is spectacular, and the food is great.	ambience	positive
the place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and i got our food, the line reached the door.	misc	neutral
the place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and i got our food, the line reached the door.	ambience	neutral
good bagels and good cream cheese.	food	positive
the food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.	food	positive
the food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.	service	positive
it is also extremely well priced.	price	positive
always great service!	service	positive
i am happy i did the food was awesome.	food	positive
i have been in many restaurants all over the city and roth's steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites.	misc	positive
we ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.	food	negative
a bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.	misc	neutral
a bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.	ambience	negative
i went to df for valentines day dinner.	misc	neutral
i recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.	food	positive
i loved the shows.	misc	positive
i loved the shows.	ambience	positive
and i have been around the block, to say the very least.	misc	neutral
we could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.	food	positive
the aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.	ambience	negative
then, get ripped on free box wine.	food	positive
then, get ripped on free box wine.	price	positive
my wife and i ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.	food	positive
my wife and i ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.	misc	positive
if you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.	food	negative
if you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.	service	negative
the food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.	food	neutral
the food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.	service	negative
the pizza is yummy and i like the atmosphere.	food	positive
the pizza is yummy and i like the atmosphere.	ambience	positive
as there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticing many empty seats ,except at taj mahal.	misc	neutral
also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.	food	negative
also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.	service	negative
give it a try and enjoy.	misc	positive
and that's saying a lot.	misc	neutral
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.	food	negative
the pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy italian cheese that i'd never heard of before.	food	positive
the only thing i could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table.	misc	negative
if your into thai, you cannot miss this great restaurant.	misc	positive
going to ballato's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen, an absolute delight!	misc	positive
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.	food	positive
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.	price	neutral
however, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!	ambience	positive
however, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!	food	negative
i think this is one of the more underrated places in the city.	misc	positive
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location!	misc	positive
everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends.	misc	positive
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	food	neutral
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	service	negative
i go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed.	misc	positive
obviously the chinese translation of this place does not mean big wong, it actually means great prosperity.	misc	neutral
i think the restaurant was too loud (when full) to be romantic.	ambience	negative
i have had so many dinners here and it's always been perfect - on a date with my husband, with my mom, with girlfriends and larger groups.	misc	positive
when you want a piece of beef, head on over.	food	positive
delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.	food	positive
incredible food at a very agreeable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic thai restaurant.	food	positive
incredible food at a very agreeable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic thai restaurant.	price	positive
i actually gave patroon another chance before writing this, but the second visit was even worse.	misc	negative
also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!	misc	neutral
also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!	service	positive
unbelievable.	misc	positive
a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning!	price	negative
a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning!	misc	positive
i've been living in the columbia university area for about 10 years with 3 kids - now in their teens.	misc	neutral
the menu has lots of options i hope to go back to try those potato pancakes.	food	positive
as soon as i wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how i will be getting to fried dumpling.	misc	positive
the staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and i am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.	service	negative
the staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and i am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.	misc	positive
my wife and i will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.	misc	positive
my wife and i will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.	food	positive
this restaurant was way overhyped.	misc	negative
i've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and i've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.	service	negative
i've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and i've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.	misc	negative
delicious crab cakes too.	food	positive
now at the top of our list, del frisco's steakhouse.	misc	positive
i cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.	misc	positive
this was the worst dining experience i've ever had.	misc	negative
i have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at la lanterna.	service	positive
just bring someone who speaks cantonese because waiter may not understand you.	service	negative
i thought i had died and gone to heaven.	misc	positive
not someplace i would seek to try out but if i am in the area again, i will certainly stop by.	misc	neutral
the bruschetta and panini's are so yummy!	food	positive
food was okay, nothing great.	food	neutral
every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair.	misc	negative
i have been going there since it opened and i can't get enough.	misc	positive
always popular, always full, always a wait.	ambience	neutral
in fact, you can't miss it.	misc	positive
i recently tried suan and i thought that it was great.	misc	positive
a little noise but i think that was because of our party!	ambience	neutral
it is run by the same sichuan chef who started the chain in chinatown.	misc	neutral
get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago.	misc	neutral
if the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items bbq-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.	food	negative
i can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.	ambience	positive
best pastrami i ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.	food	positive
if you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share, kai may not be the best option.	food	neutral
go here for the drinks!	food	positive
i don't get it, what's so special about prune ?	misc	negative
i'd definitely recommend this little place.	misc	positive
again, if you are in this neighborhood - by all means, come here.	misc	positive
the first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.	food	neutral
butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.	food	negative
we had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning.	service	positive
do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe's to eat here.	misc	positive
it cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.	ambience	negative
i have eaten at shabu tatsu at least 5 times and i always want to go back for more!	misc	positive
we were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.	food	negative
authentic pakistani food.	food	positive
the staff has always been friendly without seeming grating, and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions.	service	positive
get it together.	misc	negative
the eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meat sauce.	food	positive
the eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meat sauce.	misc	positive
quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for nyc.	food	positive
quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for nyc.	price	positive
service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.	service	positive
my entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.	food	negative
we began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.	food	neutral
in such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch, this place is great.	misc	positive
its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.	food	neutral
in fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and i couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.	misc	negative
in fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and i couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.	food	negative
even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems.	service	positive
if you want americanized chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.	misc	negative
if you want americanized chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.	food	negative
the bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.	food	positive
service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, i'm willing to overlook it.	service	neutral
service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, i'm willing to overlook it.	price	positive
service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, i'm willing to overlook it.	food	positive
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	food	positive
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	price	neutral
the service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	food	positive
the service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	service	positive
the service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	ambience	positive
a word to the wise - the hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is the cleanest restaurant in town.	misc	positive
a word to the wise - the hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is the cleanest restaurant in town.	ambience	positive
an excellent service	service	positive
the food however, is what one might expect.	food	neutral
i love their thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the must!	food	positive
i must give it yon out of yon stars!	misc	positive
the pizza was really good.	food	positive
the only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in chinese.	misc	negative
food is average, and i would say even the chain restaurant baluchi's tastes better.	food	negative
the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.	food	positive
the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.	ambience	negative
the food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.	food	positive
a little crowded but they move that line really fast!	service	positive
a little crowded but they move that line really fast!	ambience	negative
enjoy!!!	misc	positive
kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgettable sandwich and they give you plenty of them.	food	positive
kudos to po!	misc	positive
the entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.	ambience	positive
my boyfriend and i were in ny for a few days and pastis was a place that came recommended.	misc	neutral
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.	service	positive
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.	price	positive
the food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.	food	positive
the food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.	service	negative
the bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that i will never go back.	service	negative
their sushi, kamikaze and other rolls are fresh and well presented.	food	positive
for authentic thai food, look no further than toons.	food	positive
it's true, you feel like your in a scene from goodfellas.	ambience	neutral
i read the other review and have to say i had the opposite experience here last sunday.	misc	neutral
the highlight of the night was the mayonnaise for my side of fries i received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.	food	negative
the highlight of the night was the mayonnaise for my side of fries i received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.	price	negative
i choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.	food	positive
if anyone has doubt of not knowing enough about wines,please check their wine list.	food	positive
never again!	misc	negative
the only concern i have is with the slightly all business staff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.	service	negative
have the iced tea.	food	positive
for park avenue i expected so much more.	misc	negative
small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasn't impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.	food	neutral
so rude.	misc	negative
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!	food	negative
the ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date.	ambience	positive
they are fast.	service	positive
it is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.	ambience	neutral
the food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings i've had.	food	positive
the food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings i've had.	price	positive
there are much better places in ny with better prices.	misc	negative
there are much better places in ny with better prices.	price	negative
very neighborhoody, very quick and sufficient.	ambience	positive
obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so many different varieties.	food	positive
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.	food	negative
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.	price	negative
everything is delicious, though, my gf and i come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!	misc	positive
everything is delicious, though, my gf and i come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!	food	positive
and i could do without the cigar smoke.	ambience	negative
still, try it once, since if you end up loving the food, it could be one of your best dining experiences.	misc	positive
i've waited over one hour for food.	service	negative
other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.	food	positive
the ambience is very calm and quiet.	ambience	positive
both times i was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.	service	negative
stay away from the latter since you won't go for seconds (hint hint).	food	negative
not only does make the best pizza in ny , maybe anywhere.	food	positive
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i've had at this price range.	food	positive
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i've had at this price range.	price	positive
price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.	food	negative
price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.	price	negative
our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine.	service	positive
the place is a bistro which means simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	food	positive
the place is a bistro which means simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	service	positive
the place is a bistro which means simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	ambience	positive
this is one of the best comfort food places in the city.	food	positive
overall, the ingredients and technique are there and i am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.	food	positive
overall, the ingredients and technique are there and i am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.	misc	positive
i had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.	food	positive
though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atmosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.	ambience	neutral
the fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.	food	negative
considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.	price	negative
considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.	food	negative
this is the pinnacle of indian fast food (all fast foods in my opinion).	food	positive
besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.	service	negative
we do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore.	misc	neutral
the wine list is also really nice.	food	positive
i thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.	misc	positive
i plan on stopping by next week as well.	misc	positive
service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	food	positive
service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	service	positive
service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	price	positive
compared to ess-a, tal offers a less doughy bagel!	food	neutral
ballato's is consistently delicious authentic italian food.	food	positive
the service was attentive, yet discreet.	service	positive
as a retired hipster, i can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year lucky strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.	misc	positive
for those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more.	ambience	negative
for those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more.	price	negative
then, if they answer the phone, you're lucky if they don't hang up on you!	service	negative
they offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.	food	neutral
they offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.	price	negative
we went to eat at the jekyll and hyde restaurant on friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.	food	positive
we went to eat at the jekyll and hyde restaurant on friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.	misc	positive
we went to eat at the jekyll and hyde restaurant on friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.	ambience	positive
the food was pretty traditional but it was hot and good with large portions.	food	positive
highly recommended to all!	misc	positive
highly recommended.	misc	positive
unless you are eating in the pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.	misc	negative
you have to increase the service a lot.	service	negative
ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.	ambience	negative
i must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.	food	negative
they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.	service	negative
after we got our sashimi order, i could not believe how small the portions were!	food	negative
after the main course came, we didn't see our waiter for at least 40 minutes!	service	negative
it will be on my to do list the next visit to nyc.	misc	positive
nothing better than buying a snapple for $3.25 too.	price	positive
when family came in he gave them apps to test their places, and then ordered for them.	service	neutral
i was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in hoboken.	misc	positive
service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy soho into queens.	service	positive
service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy soho into queens.	ambience	positive
the dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally i'd drink popcorn topping before i'd eat another one of these.	food	negative
the service was excellent and the food was delicious.	food	positive
the service was excellent and the food was delicious.	service	positive
if i wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers i'd go out in manhattan.	misc	negative
if i wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers i'd go out in manhattan.	ambience	negative
after a seafood craving, i checked citysearch and chose to go to fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info.	misc	neutral
right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city.	ambience	positive
until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating.	service	negative
always fresh and delicious.	food	positive
the food was very good, but not very thai.	food	neutral
thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	food	negative
thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	service	positive
the fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.	food	positive
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!	misc	positive
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!	ambience	positive
this is a fun restaurant to go to.	misc	positive
the massaman curry that i ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that i ordered in it, they graciously provided me with one piece of poorly cooked potato.	food	negative
had a late night dinner on a saturday night.	misc	neutral
a restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.	food	positive
a restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.	service	positive
a restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.	ambience	positive
their sake martini is wonderful.	food	positive
well, this place is so ghetto its not even funny.	ambience	negative
bravissimo !!	misc	positive
once they ran out of gnocchi and made it for me from scratch!	misc	positive
we would like to thank marcelo and grace for a wonderful dining experience!!!	misc	positive
found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.	service	positive
found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.	misc	positive
when i arrived at orsay i was thrown back, in a very good sense.	misc	positive
bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!	food	neutral
this is the cheers of new york, whether you've ever been there or not.	misc	neutral
it's to die for!	misc	positive
cute and decorative.	ambience	positive
i know this is the case in many nyc eateries, but here, they really cram you in to the point where it's borderline uncomfortable.	ambience	negative
fine dining restaurant quality.	food	positive
overall a disappointing experience for that price category.	misc	negative
overall a disappointing experience for that price category.	price	negative
i've had the lunch buffet at chennai a couple of times, when i have been in the neighborhood.	misc	neutral
the food was exceptional.	food	positive
you will be satisfied.	misc	positive
another great place to take out-of-towners!	misc	positive
but, hey, there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in astoria.	misc	neutral
we were less than impressed.	misc	negative
a thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?	misc	negative
but still my date was bad	misc	negative
would definitely go back again.	misc	positive
i have been to rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.	misc	positive
the portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.	food	neutral
(and i have eaten my share) which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve.	service	positive
sure, the setting is nice.	ambience	positive
overall a worthwhile experience.	misc	positive
the service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	food	positive
the service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	service	positive
the service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	price	neutral
had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.	food	neutral
had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.	price	neutral
it's really a takeaway place, i wouldn't sit if i could take it home.	misc	neutral
the most fun restaurant i have ever been too!	misc	positive
best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!	food	positive
some of the finest latin women you'll see in your life hang out at jimmy's.	ambience	positive
slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.	food	negative
slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.	price	negative
their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.	food	positive
and it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).	price	positive
nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.	service	negative
i had a great experience.	misc	positive
the chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.	food	negative
i recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal.	misc	positive
the waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.	service	positive
the only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar.	service	neutral
having been a long time ess-a-bagel fan, i was surpised to find myself return time and time again to murray's.	misc	positive
go for it!	misc	positive
you can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, la villa can't be beat.	food	positive
you can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, la villa can't be beat.	misc	positive
you can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, la villa can't be beat.	price	positive
won't or can't is not in the service directory.	service	positive
i cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.	service	positive
i do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.	misc	neutral
i do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.	ambience	positive
to speak of the park side, words can not describe.	misc	neutral
the red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.	food	negative
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.	food	positive
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.	price	positive
saul is pretty good, but definitely not great.	food	positive
i would recommend roxy's for that, but not for their food.	food	negative
i would recommend roxy's for that, but not for their food.	misc	positive
we always get a sampling of appetizers and share.	misc	neutral
overall i was impressed and will return, it's a great qpr (quality to price ratio).	misc	positive
overall i was impressed and will return, it's a great qpr (quality to price ratio).	price	positive
it is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, do not pass it up.	misc	neutral
their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.	food	positive
the puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.	food	positive
the puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.	ambience	negative
the flavors are very fresh and pretty unobtrusive, nothing flashy.	food	positive
i like cafe noir don't get me wrong, it is just that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!	service	negative
the hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.	food	negative
but $1 for each small piece???	price	negative
our son loves pizza and we have a certified neapolitan pizzaria in our home city (seattle), we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant.	misc	positive
big and soft as well as good lunch food.	food	positive
no food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.	misc	neutral
no food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.	food	positive
i liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant.	food	positive
by far the best salad i have had in a fast food restaurant.	food	positive
suan is a great place that i often take my friends (classmates) too.	misc	positive
not a great place for family or general dining.	misc	negative
as for the bar, this is another bad idea.	food	negative
their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a special bagel experience.	food	neutral
unlike hh up the block, this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for.	food	positive
i thought going to jimmys would give me a real dominican experience.	misc	neutral
the barbecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry.	food	positive
same owner as the guy who owns typhoon, which is just down the street on st. marks and 1st ave.	misc	neutral
what generous portions!	food	positive
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).	food	neutral
i was wrong.	misc	negative
the wine the service was very good too.	food	positive
the wine the service was very good too.	service	positive
so, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.	food	positive
so, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.	ambience	positive
the highly spiced chai tea was great too.	food	positive
no plans to return anytime soon.	misc	negative
i have been there many times, and food is good and consistent.	food	positive
seriously, this is the best all you can eat in town- as everyone says, the spicy tuna hand rolls are the best- have 4 of these, and you've broken even.	food	positive
there is not a single place in chinatown where you have a nice neighborhood feeling like here.	ambience	positive
while sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any indian restaurant i have been to in new york city, the food was not what i had hoped for.	food	negative
while sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any indian restaurant i have been to in new york city, the food was not what i had hoped for.	ambience	positive
i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river seine.	misc	positive
i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river seine.	ambience	positive
i just do not understand what the fuss is all about.	misc	negative
the meat dishes were only so-so.	food	neutral
his wife tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.	service	positive
his wife tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.	ambience	positive
we liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit new york.	misc	positive
the menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like balthazar etc.	food	positive
i have been a longtime fan of holy basil in the east village, and while i do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, i have been hesitant to be disloyal.	misc	neutral
i have been a longtime fan of holy basil in the east village, and while i do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, i have been hesitant to be disloyal.	food	negative
but the best part about ls is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the bts.	ambience	positive
for an untrendy rip-off- eat here.	misc	negative
and you're hungry a few hours later.	food	neutral
i can't wait to go back.	misc	positive
i hate hate hate this place.	misc	negative
we even had a visit from the manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.	misc	positive
we even had a visit from the manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.	service	positive
the staff there is very attentive and down to earth.	service	positive
you don't go to mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	food	positive
you don't go to mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	service	negative
you don't go to mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	ambience	positive
the service is always bad though, don't expect much of anything from your server, and i would not recommend bringing a date here either.	service	negative
monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus three glasses of wine paired with each course.	price	positive
wonderful!	misc	positive
it took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses.	service	negative
the service is descent even when this small place is packed.	service	positive
this is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.	food	positive
go hungry and enjoy.	misc	positive
i have eaten a lot of pizza here.	misc	neutral
this place is worth an one-hour drive.	misc	positive
great value for the quality ingredients.	food	positive
great value for the quality ingredients.	price	positive
the thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.	food	negative
the thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.	price	negative
the sushi is also great!	food	positive
from the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langoustine entree to a dessert that i can't remember because of the fabulous cakebread cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.	food	positive
truly the mark of an attentive waiter.	service	positive
the food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.	food	positive
the food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.	service	negative
i got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.	food	positive
the staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excellent recommendations.	service	positive
the makhani was ok --the korma was bland.	food	negative
the food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring.	food	positive
all i can say is wow!	misc	positive
though the service could be better (possibly due to more than one very large group in the house), it is very cordial and warm, as is the general clientele.	service	neutral
though the service could be better (possibly due to more than one very large group in the house), it is very cordial and warm, as is the general clientele.	ambience	neutral
the decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the east village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.	ambience	positive
this is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together.	misc	neutral
this is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together.	ambience	positive
the lox is always fresh too.	food	positive
sure enough, exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly.	service	positive
service was very friendly.	service	positive
so all i'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant i've ever been to.	food	positive
so all i'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant i've ever been to.	misc	positive
food was ok - fish was cooked well.	food	positive
we actually left hungry and went across the street to wo hop at 15 mott street for some good chinese food.	misc	negative
we actually left hungry and went across the street to wo hop at 15 mott street for some good chinese food.	food	positive
the duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.	food	positive
the whole set up is truly unprofessional and i wish cafe noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.	service	negative
the service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but i have never been treated rudely.	service	neutral
the staff offers impeccable service.	service	positive
the catch is that you are charged extra for anything that you leave on your plate so don't be a greedy pig!	misc	negative
the catch is that you are charged extra for anything that you leave on your plate so don't be a greedy pig!	price	negative
we ended our great experience by having gulab jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.	food	positive
wont come back again for sure!	misc	negative
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family.	misc	neutral
this place doesn't compare with mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consistent quality, but that's just my opinion.	food	negative
this place doesn't compare with mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consistent quality, but that's just my opinion.	price	negative
the place is sleek, modern and playful and i will return again frequently.	ambience	positive
i have known about this secret for the last 13 years, emilio(the godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.	price	positive
i have known about this secret for the last 13 years, emilio(the godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.	food	positive
the brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.	food	positive
after being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.	misc	negative
after being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.	service	negative
and the bill was outrageous.	price	negative
the service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.	food	positive
the service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.	service	positive
the service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.	price	positive
kind, attentive wait staff.	service	positive
bon appetite!!	misc	positive
salads were fantastic.	food	positive
the owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.	food	positive
the owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.	service	positive
la rosa waltzes in, and i think they are doing it the best.	misc	positive
the food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.	food	positive
the food is authentic italian - delicious!	food	positive
a great addition to smith street finally, a place that's not pretentious and filled with women wearing ugg boots.	misc	positive
skip dessert.	food	negative
we spent $200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed.	misc	negative
we spent $200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed.	price	negative
it is simply amazing.	misc	positive
i complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted.	misc	neutral
it was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool.	service	negative
i liked this place the first time but doubt i will ever return.	misc	negative
the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.	service	positive
the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.	ambience	positive
a great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from costco and sell it right outside for only $2.50.	misc	neutral
it's all about the food !!	food	positive
fast service.	service	positive
skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.	misc	negative
the staff is excellent, special that girl behind the bar, european chic.	service	positive
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.	food	positive
the service was bad, the food took to forever to come, we sat on the upper level.	service	negative
we a menu that rarely changes, except for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in their food in evident.	food	positive
always full with tourists (especially because of it's close proximity to rockefeller center).	ambience	neutral
the decor is nice, but more casual than fine dining.	ambience	neutral
this restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.	misc	positive
this restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.	price	positive
bravo, blue hill!	misc	positive
conveniently located too, being right on bedford ave.	misc	positive
my friends and i came across this place while walking in the village.	misc	neutral
bottom line b+ for the food, f for the service.	food	positive
bottom line b+ for the food, f for the service.	service	negative
the only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.	service	positive
this place is to be avoided.	misc	negative
stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.	food	negative
stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.	price	negative
the service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.	service	positive
the service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.	ambience	positive
my sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who don't know what they are doing.	misc	negative
we, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.	service	negative
at 6 30, we were the third party there.	misc	neutral
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.	food	positive
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.	ambience	positive
i will definitely be going back.	misc	positive
no, really.	misc	neutral
the food is good, but very expensive for the casualness of it.	food	neutral
the food is good, but very expensive for the casualness of it.	price	negative
the only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.	price	negative
i've been to naples 45 for dinner twice.	misc	neutral
the hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.	food	negative
i love the pictures of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place (he painted the ballato's sign in the window).	ambience	positive
try sashimi cucumber roll.	food	positive
i'm saving up for my next visit.	misc	positive
the food is delicious.	food	positive
their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.	food	positive
their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.	price	positive
this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.	service	positive
this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.	ambience	positive
amma is nothing special.	misc	negative
yeah shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.	misc	neutral
yeah shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.	food	neutral
believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.	misc	neutral
worth it for a special occasion, or any time!	misc	positive
the atmosphere is much better than sripraphai (more modern and sleek).	ambience	positive
i recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady.	misc	positive
the food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.	food	positive
the food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.	service	positive
the bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.	food	positive
i had a late dinner at lucky stike, a great name for a joint if ever i saw one.	misc	neutral
been there, done that, and new york, it's not that big a deal.	misc	neutral
definitely a once a year treat that i look forward to around the holidays!	misc	positive
service is fast and friendly.	service	positive
from an english speaking staff.	misc	neutral
anyhow, we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat, which was nice.	ambience	positive
and they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!	food	positive
a definitely must visit.	misc	positive
my husband and i enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full.	food	positive
i went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.	misc	neutral
i went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.	service	negative
we all ate pasta entree, which were great.	food	positive
my friends and i showed up on a sat.	misc	neutral
the steak was excellent and one of the best i have had (i tasted the butter initially but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).	food	positive
great experience overall.	misc	positive
perfect for dates!	ambience	positive
the food was boring and expensive.	food	negative
the food was boring and expensive.	price	negative
the ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.	ambience	positive
terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.	food	positive
the service is ok but could be better.	service	negative
we love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!	food	positive
we love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!	ambience	positive
i was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.	misc	negative
i was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.	service	negative
(i've ordered from the 2nd ave.	misc	neutral
nothing against a good sales call, but the tactics at amma are just too obvious.	service	negative
went on a 3 day oyster binge, with fish bringing up the closing, and i am so glad this was the place it o trip ended, because it was so great!	misc	positive
took my mom for mother's day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.	service	negative
took my mom for mother's day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.	misc	negative
my husband and i have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.	misc	neutral
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!	food	positive
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!	service	positive
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!	ambience	positive
if the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.	ambience	neutral
if you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.	food	positive
if you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.	price	positive
however, for what we spent, overall, it just was not up to par.	price	negative
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.	service	positive
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.	ambience	positive
a friend from seattle and i went on a thursday night around 8 30.	misc	neutral
when i lived upstate for a while i would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.	food	positive
i recommend their pad see ew, pork chops or tofu plates.	food	positive
never in my life did i think that i could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in nyc.	food	positive
never in my life did i think that i could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in nyc.	price	positive
this is the best secret place in midtown', i heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last tuesday.	food	positive
the service was excellent - friendly and attentive.	service	positive
the main course had an average portion, and was decent overall.	food	positive
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	misc	positive
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	ambience	positive
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	service	neutral
just remember, the later you go, the longer you may have to wait.	misc	neutral
staff is great, very attentive.	service	positive
i live in the neighborhood and am a regular.	misc	positive
the dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well.	food	positive
it is what modern cuisine is all about.	misc	positive
in any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.	misc	positive
in any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.	price	negative
i definitely will go back.	misc	positive
i don't like indian food too much and this was delicious, however you want to factor that into the equation.	food	positive
at taj, vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven.	food	positive
forget the rush and the wait and the noise (which isn't actually that bad), i mean please, who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic?	ambience	neutral
having hunted around for a quiet, romantic, yet not hideously expensive restaurant i stumbled across reviews for la lanterna and gave it a shot.	misc	neutral
i've never been disappointed.	misc	positive
i won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.	price	negative
we live in new jersey and whenever we go into new york city we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze (they told me that if i call in the order, they'd bring it out to the car so i wouldn't have to look for parking).	service	positive
from the street it looks very hidden, and is actually an old warehouse.	misc	neutral
jimmy's is hands down the hottest night spot in the bronx.	ambience	positive
and i would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their achilles' heel.	service	negative
my boyfriend and i have been to the minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed.	misc	positive
the $300 bill was a bit steep, but the experience was great.	price	negative
i wouldn't mind going back some time, but not before trying others nearby.	misc	neutral
nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, francois, and good service.	service	positive
nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, francois, and good service.	ambience	positive
i found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons.	misc	positive
the calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.	food	positive
i would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.	food	positive
for some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening, i don't understand why but we had a blast and will definitely go back the next time we are in the area.	misc	positive
simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions.	food	positive
but i just would like to say i read the reviews people left and thats why i checked it out.	misc	neutral
stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.	food	negative
i've eaten at pizza gruppo a few times, but more often i order delivery.	misc	neutral
we didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.	service	negative
beautiful experience.	misc	positive
the bagels are also reasonably priced for nyc.	price	positive
if you can handle that, it's a great place for a business dinner, fun with friends or simply a table for 2.	misc	positive
decor leaves something to be desired.	ambience	negative
jimmy is dominican!	misc	neutral
also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.	food	neutral
our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	service	positive
our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	ambience	positive
our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	price	negative
our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	food	negative
coming from boston this place is like emma's pizza in kendall square in cambridge (although they have more funky toppings!)	misc	neutral
when my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more) i can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget if you never go, you'll miss a meal of your life time	food	positive
when my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more) i can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget if you never go, you'll miss a meal of your life time	misc	positive
when my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more) i can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget if you never go, you'll miss a meal of your life time	price	positive
in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.	service	neutral
i've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when i'm craving for pho, lemon grass chicken or beef cube on rice, this is the place to go.	food	positive
oh yes, and if you are a fan of indian oldies film stars, there are plenty of portraits of indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls, some of which, i would love to know where they obtained.	ambience	positive
the food is spectacular, from the appetizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (wow) you'll need no more.	food	positive
the neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead.	misc	negative
my fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce.	food	positive
if you are in search of the most authentic nyc deli experience look no further than the famous and historic katz's deli down on the lower east side.	misc	positive
even upon delivery, their juicy pork buns are quite good . .	food	positive
this is also where i was from.	misc	neutral
everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table.	misc	neutral
average to good thai food, but terrible delivery.	food	positive
average to good thai food, but terrible delivery.	service	negative
the space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.	misc	neutral
the space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.	ambience	positive
the entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.	service	negative
the entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.	ambience	negative
joe's pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up.	misc	positive
i in all reality felt as if i had just gotten off air france and was in the 8th district in paris.	ambience	positive
i have never had anything like it!	misc	positive
yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously, but it shouldn't.	misc	neutral
and they provided a delicious dessert on the house!	food	positive
and they provided a delicious dessert on the house!	price	positive
and they provided a delicious dessert on the house!	service	positive
they are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine, so if you want to make a reservation you are limited.	service	negative
the food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.	food	positive
food was very good, but not what i would consider out of this world.	food	positive
i had lobster bisque it has 2 oz. of maine lobster in it.	food	positive
i am indian, and i have tried many indian places in ny.	misc	neutral
try the pad thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!	food	positive
try the pad thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!	price	positive
on a recent saturday night, i was with a group of 5 at the bread bar.	misc	neutral
food is great and inexpensive.	food	positive
food is great and inexpensive.	price	positive
the price very reasonable.	price	positive
dessert - can't be missed, so save room!!!	food	positive
it can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order, but once the food is ordered, you are in for a treat.	food	positive
take a good sense of humor,an american express card with no limit, walk out with a lollipop,gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road	price	negative
ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.	food	positive
it was so bad i actually refused to pay for my food.	misc	negative
it was so bad i actually refused to pay for my food.	food	negative
i recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices.	misc	positive
i recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices.	food	positive
i recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices.	price	positive
this is, by far, my favorite restaurant in nyc and i only wish it were more affordable so i could go more often!	misc	positive
this is, by far, my favorite restaurant in nyc and i only wish it were more affordable so i could go more often!	price	negative
the staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.	food	positive
the staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.	service	positive
the staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.	ambience	positive
i love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingredients makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.	food	negative
the pizza and wine were excellent, the service too, but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	food	positive
the pizza and wine were excellent, the service too, but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	service	positive
the pizza and wine were excellent, the service too, but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	ambience	positive
the frankenstein show was the best.	misc	positive
the waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.	food	positive
the waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.	service	positive
the waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.	price	positive
as a fan of thai, i have tried quite a few different restaurants in nyc and this one was definitely the worst.	misc	negative
the service was superb, they treat you like family.	service	positive
we all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, i felt there was more than enough food.	misc	neutral
we all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, i felt there was more than enough food.	food	positive
it only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table, but standing up wasn't too bad.	service	positive
the menu may be small, but everything on it is delicious.	food	neutral
too bad latin quarters closed.	misc	neutral
they had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice. we had large chunks of burnt rice in our serving bowl.	food	negative
it was divine melts in your mouth.	food	positive
stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and i will be going back frequently.	misc	positive
i live a block away and go to patsy's frequently.	misc	neutral
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but i thought a bit overpriced.	food	positive
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but i thought a bit overpriced.	price	negative
when i visited my friend who lives in the upper eastside, she recommended that we go to this restaurant.	misc	neutral
warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).	ambience	positive
we ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.	misc	neutral
we ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.	service	positive
kudos haru	misc	positive
we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.	misc	neutral
we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.	service	positive
i plan on eating here more often.	misc	positive
i would definitely go back for a very special occasion, but not for regular fine dining.	misc	neutral
the well mannered, pleasant staff that tony has in his employ.	service	positive
the flavors robust and subtle.	food	positive
i came here for my friend's birthday and keep coming back ever since.	misc	positive
all i can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.	food	positive
all i can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.	price	positive
i would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not that great.	misc	negative
we concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.	food	positive
the counter service is bad.	service	negative
i had a grate time at jekyll and hyde!	misc	positive
service here was great, food was fantastic.	food	positive
service here was great, food was fantastic.	service	positive
its a little out of the way if you don't live in the neighborhood, but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are.	misc	neutral
this is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.	ambience	positive
and we were thoroughly disappointed.	misc	negative
this is the jackel and hideof the restaurants on the ues.	misc	neutral
the sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect.	food	positive
this is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.	misc	positive
this is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.	ambience	positive
since my first dinner i have had the chance to have brunch at orsay 3x.	misc	neutral
you will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny.	food	neutral
you will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny.	price	negative
you will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny.	ambience	negative
they have some great entrees here as well.	food	positive
our teenage kids love it, too.	misc	positive
the service is not consistently excellent -- just decent.	service	neutral
the food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.	food	positive
you guys are awesome!	misc	positive
they do cater to american palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!	food	positive
they do cater to american palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!	service	positive
i loved this place!!	misc	positive
i had the mango chicken and i can't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beautiful.	food	positive
i care more about the food and ambience.	food	neutral
i care more about the food and ambience.	ambience	neutral
oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).	food	negative
oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).	price	negative
avoid at all costs.	misc	negative
i would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion!	misc	positive
the service is fantastic.	service	positive
i recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon	misc	positive
the garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city!	food	positive
food and service was okay.	food	neutral
food and service was okay.	service	neutral
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends.	ambience	positive
the lamb meat was undercooked and extremely chewy.	food	negative
the best pad thai i've ever had.	food	positive
over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.	food	negative
over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.	service	negative
great pizza and fantastic service.	food	positive
great pizza and fantastic service.	service	positive
we were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.	service	negative
i would just ask for no oil next time.	misc	neutral
while this is a pretty place in that overly cute french way, the food was insultingly horrible.	food	negative
while this is a pretty place in that overly cute french way, the food was insultingly horrible.	ambience	positive
i went there for lunch and it was not as good as i expected from the reviews i read.	misc	negative
i really didn't know what to expect for a restaurant that literally overlooks the main hall of grand central.	misc	neutral
none of that yucky whipped stuff.	food	positive
the wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.	food	negative
i ordered a lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it.	service	negative
their coffee is quite good too!	food	positive
i would not recommend this place to anyone.	misc	negative
great wine list (italian), good food, service was initially fine.	food	positive
great wine list (italian), good food, service was initially fine.	service	neutral
despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.	ambience	negative
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.	service	negative
as far as the service goes, the waitresses were not particularly friendly, but they got the job done.	service	neutral
they are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret choosing this place, but also become hostile!	service	negative
i had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish ive requested.	service	negative
normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.	food	positive
taxan delicious!	food	positive
perhaps it was an off night, but it was surprisingly average for a 9.3 rating.	misc	negative
unlike other places in nyc where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably sized portion (and price).	food	neutral
unlike other places in nyc where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably sized portion (and price).	price	positive
southern indian cuisine is still there, too.	food	neutral
restaurant snobs need not bother, this is a small, neighborhood kind of place.	misc	neutral
have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.	misc	positive
they couldn't even make a salad that was appealing.	food	negative
for two people with tip was less than $25 bucks.	price	positive
killer sushi!	food	positive
of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious!	food	positive
staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.	food	positive
staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.	service	negative
the jukebox plays everything from italian opera to the strokes.	ambience	neutral
and i've been to many nyc delis.	misc	neutral
this place is always packed.	misc	neutral
much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.	service	negative
plus they made a perfect martini.	food	positive
i am not sure if i would call the food here indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be french with an indian or exotic touch.	food	neutral
i've eaten thai many times, and am very familiar with the cuisine.	misc	neutral
the waiter was attentive.	service	positive
their margarita is best i've had since i've returned from naples!	food	positive
i highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.	misc	positive
the tastes makes your mouth water for more.	food	positive
i came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband.	misc	neutral
their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for purple haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!	food	positive
their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for purple haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!	service	positive
the tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	food	neutral
the tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	ambience	negative
the tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	price	negative
all in all a wonderful experience, can't wait to come back.	misc	positive
the food was actually awful.	food	negative
after dining at b.o.g over twenty times now, its official !	misc	neutral
they are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.	food	positive
they are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.	price	positive
there is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.	ambience	positive
we went around 9 30 on a friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!	service	positive
my husband and i both ordered the steak, medium.	food	neutral
my husband and i both ordered the steak, medium.	misc	neutral
furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.	food	negative
this place has really fresh sushi and a nice large menu of japanese classic cuisine.	food	positive
the sushi is average and the prices are anything but.	food	neutral
the sushi is average and the prices are anything but.	price	negative
my wife and i also enjoyed the spinach, the shanghai low mein, and other attractions.	food	positive
owner must have come on this website to give himself credit.	misc	neutral
turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down.	misc	neutral
i would go back.	misc	positive
definitely will be back!	misc	positive
several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces.	food	neutral
i'm not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much.	misc	neutral
they live up to the thai way of living.	misc	neutral
if you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here!	food	positive
three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.	food	positive
the food is consistently wonderful - i've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accommodating and friendly.	food	positive
the food is consistently wonderful - i've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accommodating and friendly.	service	positive
the waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as i would have expected.	service	negative
i live nearby and when they first opened, i ate there a lot.	misc	neutral
and the food was fantastic.	food	positive
this is the kind of place you'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret.	misc	positive
if you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).	food	positive
if you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).	ambience	positive
aside from the sea urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including fatty yellow tail, boton shrimp, blue fin torro (fatty tuna), sea eel, etc.	food	neutral
they're also friendlier here, especially the owner, kenny.	service	positive
while the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.	food	positive
while the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.	ambience	negative
i've lived in nyc all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).	misc	neutral
i've lived in nyc all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).	ambience	negative
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.	service	positive
the ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.	food	neutral
the ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.	ambience	positive
my host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.	service	neutral
you can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!	food	positive
you can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!	service	positive
the bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher! 2 for 1's.	food	positive
slightly on the pricey side but worth it!	price	neutral
if it isn't for the food (a+++), it must be the service or the ambience.	food	positive
if it isn't for the food (a+++), it must be the service or the ambience.	service	positive
if it isn't for the food (a+++), it must be the service or the ambience.	ambience	positive
during the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.	service	negative
during the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.	food	negative
i like the ambience, it's very dark and original.	ambience	positive
not the typical nyc gimmick theme restaurant.	ambience	positive
we were exploring grand central and didn't want to eat in the food court.	misc	neutral
overall, not worth the money.	price	negative
this place is not worth the prices.	price	negative
we left after one drink.	misc	neutral
everything that happened was not even up to mediocre.	misc	negative
our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5pm and it was very crowded and noisy.	ambience	negative
pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city.	food	positive
you are paying for the atmosphere, which is nice, but can be had in numerous places in bay ridge.	ambience	neutral
it's called gnochi alla nona and is found under chef specials.	food	neutral
it is one the nicest outdoor restaurants i have ever seen in ny--i am from italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.	ambience	positive
yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.	ambience	negative
the last two times i ordered from here my food was so spicy that i could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.	food	negative
the fried dumplings are great!	food	positive
this place has the best chinese style bbq ribs in the city.	food	positive
ive been here so many times the waiters know my name.	misc	neutral
the decor is very simple but comfortable.	ambience	neutral
i've been frequenting the tasting room since it first arrived in the east village and i've never been disappointed.	misc	positive
we figured we never had argentinian pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large pellegrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.	food	positive
heartland brewery is a great way to start or finish your day.	misc	positive
the "kamasutra" and "bombay cosmopolitan" are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time.	food	positive
this is the perfect date spot for williamsburg couples.	misc	positive
the dim sum here is only so-so.	food	neutral
it was raining, and we figured why not?	misc	neutral
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.	food	positive
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.	price	positive
just straight up cheap, good food.	food	positive
just straight up cheap, good food.	price	positive
another welcome addition to the neighborhood.	misc	positive
seating is ok even though sometimes there's a lot of people.	ambience	neutral
this time, i prefer not to go into detail.	misc	neutral
even with a relatively inexpensive bottle of wine, if you can call $70.00 inexpensive, the cost is through the roof for better than average fare.	price	negative
service was slow, but the people were friendly.	service	neutral
steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.	food	positive
the steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty.	food	negative
my only problem is that you are literally sitting on top of the people next to you!	ambience	negative
and affordable.	price	positive
the staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful!	food	positive
the staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful!	service	positive
the staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful!	ambience	positive
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret.	misc	neutral
the food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not (like the steak dish which tends to be dry).	food	neutral
not only would i not recommend jimmy's restaurants to friends, i would strongly suggest they go anywhere but.	misc	negative
they have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody.	food	positive
haru on park s is simply disgusting.	misc	negative
the staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.	service	negative
as a long-time patron of mamoun's, i always figured that i had found the best late night food spot in the city.	misc	positive
i drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at scores.	misc	neutral
the bagel was huge.	food	positive
go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.	misc	positive
get the tuna of gari.	food	positive
i like the samosas, chai, and the chole, but the dosa and dal were kinda disappointing.	food	neutral
it was a very nice surprise.	misc	positive
edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.	food	neutral
edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.	price	negative
the staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.	service	neutral
the staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.	ambience	negative
i am french and i really felt like home!!!	misc	positive
i have been to casimir over 5 times and i have always had a great time there.	misc	positive
the service was the only thing good about this restaurant.	service	positive
it's usually packed for good reason, esp.	misc	neutral
service friendly and attentive.	service	positive
i love going there!	misc	positive
i cannot recommend og more highly if i tried - check it out for yourself.	misc	positive
it was the first place we ate on our first trip to new york, and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to new york.	misc	positive
service was very prompt but slightly rushed.	service	positive
great food, great decor, great service.	food	positive
great food, great decor, great service.	service	positive
great food, great decor, great service.	ambience	positive
and, although tables opened up next to us and we asked for a slightly larger space, they left us awkwardly seated.	service	negative
the palak paneer was standard, and i was not a fan of the malai kofta.	food	neutral
i've dined at alain ducasse's restaurant in monte carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience.	price	positive
yeah, sometimes the service can be slow.	service	negative
there was no ambiance.	ambience	negative
save your money and don't waste your calories, go to margarita's on washington street instead, they have amazing food and the best service.	misc	negative
the service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.	food	positive
the service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.	service	positive
but trust me it is so worth it.	misc	positive
it is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in bay ridge.	misc	neutral
the perfect spot.	misc	positive
the only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price x4, which makes no sense whatsoever.	price	negative
they sell special sushi, everything have a topping, sauce and etc.	food	positive
do not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.	misc	negative
do not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.	ambience	neutral
they never came back to refill our glasses again.	service	negative
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occasion.	service	positive
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occasion.	ambience	negative
service was also very good.	service	positive
i took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing, really good meal.	misc	positive
i would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it, but they were not!	food	negative
they're rude at times, and not very friendly.	service	negative
i'm happy to have nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.	food	positive
i'm happy to have nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.	misc	positive
good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on fridays.	ambience	positive
they kindly brought us more to see if it was better, but it was not!	food	negative
love the food.	food	positive
i would highly recommend nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.	misc	positive
i would highly recommend nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.	ambience	positive
all the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews.	food	positive
there's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style.	misc	positive
it's a nice place to relax and have conversation.	ambience	positive
this place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.	misc	positive
best reuben sandwich ever!	food	positive
lucky strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.	food	positive
wonderful strawberry daiquiris as well!	food	positive
going to volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great italian cook.	misc	positive
the sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acoustics are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).	food	negative
the sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acoustics are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).	service	negative
the sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acoustics are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).	ambience	neutral
i loved it and would go again.	misc	positive
frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side.	food	positive
so so so so so good!	misc	positive
alone for 100 bucks, it is really overprice.	price	negative
out of the hundreds of italian restaurants in queens, this is among the best.	misc	positive
very good value	misc	positive
here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid.	ambience	positive
i would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.	misc	neutral
i fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of bbq roast pork.	food	positive
i keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table i can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people.	misc	neutral
overall, the best bagel in town.	food	positive
everything a ny pizza joint should be.	misc	positive
it was huge, delicious, fresh, and will be the reason we return.	food	positive
we go often.	misc	neutral
light, refreshing summer rolls (not fried) remind me of vietnamese places in paris.	food	positive
the sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.	food	positive
moral stay away.	misc	negative
but the service was a bit slow.	service	negative
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.	food	positive
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.	price	negative
when i saw that their website had a link to da ciro in napoli, i knew there was going to be good pizza!	misc	positive
no one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates.	service	negative
indoor was very cozy and cute.	ambience	positive
we had a 3 hour brunch (they definitely do not rush you) and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.	service	positive
and their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!	food	negative
and their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!	service	negative
and their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!	price	negative
they're terrific!!	misc	positive
the service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.	food	positive
the service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.	service	positive
the service is good and the restaurant is clean.	service	positive
the service is good and the restaurant is clean.	ambience	positive
great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.	ambience	positive
just stick with the small dishes!	food	neutral
the cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.	service	negative
the cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.	ambience	positive
i've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years i've been going.	service	positive
food is excellent.	food	positive
this place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within doyers, right off of pell st (barber's alley) in chinatown.	ambience	negative
they outshine hh.	misc	positive
although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.	food	positive
excellent lunch buffet for only $6.95.	food	positive
excellent lunch buffet for only $6.95.	price	positive
we were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past.	misc	negative
if you're not familiar with the cuisine, you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they don't accept credit cards.	misc	negative
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.	food	positive
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.	price	positive
problem is nothing at prune is particularly memorable.	misc	negative
ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.	ambience	positive
the portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.	food	positive
just wish they'd expand.	misc	neutral
my boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly!	food	positive
this wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but i thought that was what made the place so special.	food	positive
good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).	food	positive
good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).	price	negative
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.	food	positive
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.	service	positive
you can't say its cheap because food is cheaper in chinatown.	price	neutral
i have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good.	food	positive
keep up the good work.	misc	positive
i wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but i guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.	misc	neutral
great eats, good times.	misc	positive
great eats, good times.	food	positive
make sure you try this place as often as you can.	misc	positive
grilled whole fish wonderful, great spicing.	food	positive
for years, i thought tuscan cuisine was the best, but salvatore converted me to the hearty neapolitan fare on my first visit.	food	positive
plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!	service	positive
the service was great as well.	service	positive
try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.	food	positive
another plus is most of the entrees are approx.	misc	positive
i will go back to suan soon!	misc	positive
loved it!	misc	positive
the food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted plate 347 as our secret on second!	food	positive
the food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted plate 347 as our secret on second!	ambience	positive
we were pleasantly surprised.	misc	positive
from the moment we walked in they were more than accommodating even though the place was packed.	service	positive
from the moment we walked in they were more than accommodating even though the place was packed.	ambience	negative
it is loud, hot and dark.	ambience	negative
i found the food, service and value exceptional everytime i have been there.	food	positive
i found the food, service and value exceptional everytime i have been there.	service	positive
i found the food, service and value exceptional everytime i have been there.	price	positive
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.	misc	negative
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.	food	negative
the food is definitely good, but i left a bit disappointed.	food	neutral
the food is definitely good, but i left a bit disappointed.	misc	neutral
i am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and i was still hungry after my visit to this place!	misc	negative
i am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and i was still hungry after my visit to this place!	food	negative
the drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.	food	positive
the drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.	service	negative
there is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have major attitude.	service	negative
will give it another chance before i write it off.	misc	neutral
the all italian staff is warm and engaging from the start.	service	positive
village is one of those places that scores on all fronts.	misc	positive
the prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.	price	positive
the prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.	food	positive
if you go here - your focus should be the tamarind margaritas.	food	positive
it is the best hidden spot there and i rave about it to everyone.	misc	positive
the fillet mignon dish was superb!	food	positive
i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.	misc	positive
i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.	food	positive
i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.	service	positive
can't wait wait for my next visit.	misc	positive
this place is the most japanese it can ever get.	ambience	positive
the food is good, i can't lie.	food	positive
great food, lt's of it, more then one person can eat!	food	positive
i didn't expect to like nosh as much as i did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich i had was otherworldly, the soups are like mom's, and the knishes give yonah schimmel's a run for its money.	food	positive
the atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a sushi establishment in tokyo.	ambience	neutral
cozy romantic atmosphere with only around 15 tables at most.	ambience	positive
this place is worth going even if only for their beer.	food	positive
i really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto yum!).	food	positive
the ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.	food	positive
the ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.	ambience	positive
the ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.	price	positive
do not get the go go hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.	food	negative
the sandwiches are out-of-this world!	food	positive
if you live in upper manhattan, siam square is the place for thia food.	misc	positive
decor is charming.	ambience	positive
the food was very well prepared.	food	positive
really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.	food	positive
really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.	price	positive
stay away from this place.	misc	negative
good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.	food	neutral
while most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in new york bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.	food	neutral
while most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in new york bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.	price	negative
complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, i received my dessert on a plate that had happy birthday written on it, with a candleberry nice touch, and attentive staff.	service	positive
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called, cold and soggy.	food	negative
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called, cold and soggy.	service	negative
if you go for the pre-theatre menu, it's an even greater deal.	price	positive
the one up front will smile and say what can i get for you, brother?	service	neutral
brava la pizza fresca!	misc	positive
if you are someone who appreciates simplicity, elegance, and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size, kai is your place.	food	neutral
the prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.	price	positive
the prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.	food	positive
check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.	misc	positive
check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.	food	positive
check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.	price	positive
if just to drop in, quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over.	misc	negative
little tonino's is just awesome, our favorite delivery place in kennsington, honestly the best gnochi i have ever had!	food	positive
incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices.	food	negative
incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices.	service	negative
incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices.	price	negative
i have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal.	food	positive
i go back in line like three times on average until i can't walk anymore.	misc	neutral
we usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.	food	positive
we usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.	price	positive
horrible food and horrible service.	food	negative
horrible food and horrible service.	service	negative
the wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.	food	positive
bleecker st pizza is the best!	misc	positive
i do not recommend the heartland brewery.	misc	negative
they treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.	food	positive
they treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.	service	positive
their exotic salad is basic ly a delicious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.	food	positive
the big complaint no toasting available.	food	negative
even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.	food	positive
even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.	ambience	positive
volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.	service	positive
the food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.	food	negative
the food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.	service	negative
the chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwich is great for heartier appetites.	food	positive
faan is so good.	misc	positive
we saw them heating up at least one frozen item though i'm not sure which dim sum dish it was.	food	negative
no you're going to go back because the food was good.	misc	positive
no you're going to go back because the food was good.	food	positive
the food was great and the service was even better.	food	positive
the food was great and the service was even better.	service	positive
while this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in manhattan $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.	ambience	negative
while this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in manhattan $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.	price	positive
traditional french decor was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.	ambience	neutral
the fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).	food	positive
consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they didn't feel like finishing them.	food	negative
consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they didn't feel like finishing them.	misc	negative
my son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge!	food	positive
i really recommend the very simple unda (egg) rolls.	food	positive
i will not be coming here at 3am again.	misc	negative
very good wine choices.	food	positive
this is the only thai place i go too in nyc, it's wonderful, and live relaxed jazz on certain nights.	ambience	positive
we were seated and ignored by staff.	service	negative
if you are in a big group, this place is perfect because it recommends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here.	ambience	positive
they showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt.	service	negative
tasty steak, pork loin, the works.	food	positive
i went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and didn't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait.	misc	neutral
i went to ruby foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there.	misc	positive
i'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.	ambience	positive
i'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.	service	positive
the burger was great, also.	food	positive
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.	service	negative
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.	misc	neutral
just because it's cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, it is great!	food	positive
just because it's cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, it is great!	price	positive
the pizza was great.	food	positive
and everytime i go there's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front.	ambience	negative
i had never had edamame pureed before but i thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).	food	positive
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.	service	negative
when we notified him that he didn't mention the specials, he didn't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless.	service	negative
the price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate.	price	positive
don't dine at tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-vegetarian selections.	food	neutral
kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family.	service	positive
they need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.	food	positive
they need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.	ambience	positive
i've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait.	misc	neutral
all in all the food was above average and i would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners.	food	positive
judging from previous posts this used to be a good place, but not any longer.	misc	neutral
delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	food	positive
delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	service	positive
delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	ambience	positive
delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	price	positive
for appetizers, i recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.	food	positive
and cheap!	price	positive
such nice people working here - but i have to review the food.	food	neutral
such nice people working here - but i have to review the food.	service	positive
the restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible, reaching for sunglasses.	ambience	negative
try the times square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka (also available without vodka.)	food	positive
nice find.	misc	positive
veal parmigiana - better than patsy's!	food	positive
great wine, great food.	food	positive
the service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.	service	neutral
the service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.	ambience	negative
the food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.	food	positive
the food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.	service	positive
amazing!	misc	positive
went to ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as i love la pizza fresca).	misc	neutral
i've always been seated promptly.	service	positive
we try frequenting new restaurants all over the city, but any time that we visit a restaurant other than roth's we are always disappointed.	misc	neutral
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.	food	negative
there is nothing more pleasant than that.	misc	positive
i would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again.	misc	positive
however, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	food	positive
however, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	ambience	negative
however, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	price	positive
what makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in nyc that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.	food	positive
what makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in nyc that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.	misc	positive
mizu is the japanese find in gramercy.	misc	positive
for sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves.	misc	positive
our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.	ambience	negative
sake collection was excellent (try nanbu bijin), but pricey.	food	positive
sake collection was excellent (try nanbu bijin), but pricey.	price	negative
interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon casserole.	food	positive
one of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood.	misc	positive
one of my favorites though was the angry lobster, a cold lobster salad that was magnificent.	food	positive
i have to say that i am pleasantly surprised and i will most likely stop in again if i am in the neighborhood.	misc	positive
ask for usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.	service	positive
the service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.	food	positive
the service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.	service	positive
the place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.	ambience	positive
this is a true gem of the village.	misc	positive
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to suan again and again.	ambience	positive
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to suan again and again.	price	positive
however, i think jeckll and hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.	misc	positive
they treat me like family, morning and night.	service	positive
a wonderful place!	misc	positive
please take my advice, go and try this place.	misc	positive
service was on par but not wonderful.	service	neutral
for my birthday and we had an excellent time.	misc	positive
deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area.	service	negative
deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area.	price	negative
i went to amma after a friend recommended it.	misc	neutral
i'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud.	misc	neutral
kind of a small place but i guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids.	ambience	neutral
maybe tomorrow -)	misc	neutral
we also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.	food	neutral
we also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.	misc	neutral
please don't fool us.	misc	negative
i've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.	food	neutral
because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.	food	negative
i suspect this restaurant is what rao's would be if it hadn't turned exclusive.	misc	neutral
the dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it.	food	neutral
strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you, or with the local union worker on the other side.	misc	neutral
we were then shooed inside.	service	negative
we got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.	misc	neutral
it might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can counteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.	food	neutral
this place is always very crowded and popular.	ambience	positive
appetizers are somewhere around $7 each and the main dishes are between $11 and $16.	price	neutral
really depends on your luck!	misc	neutral
just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday.	misc	neutral
my wife and i went to orsay for valentine's dinner.	misc	neutral
i don't know about you guys, but when i go somewhere to eat i go for the food not for the atmosphere.	misc	neutral
they should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips, good but a far cry from what the name implies.	food	neutral
a gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.	service	negative
very different than regular dimsum places.	misc	neutral
i have lived in ny for many years and have dined at many restaurants.	misc	neutral
when you enter, you feel like you have entered your mom's kitchen.	ambience	positive
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant, then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers.	misc	neutral
i've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer.	misc	neutral
she lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy.	misc	neutral
he was terribly thirsty after the meal too.	food	negative
and when i visit her i make it a point to eat at 'ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip.	misc	positive
i wasn't there for the half-price saturday night special, but tuesday night.	misc	neutral
in fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.	service	negative
there was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at pastis.	misc	neutral
for meatball night.	misc	neutral
if you like the food and the value you get from some of chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.	misc	negative
they are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in yonkers which is a restaurant and banquet hall and another one in parsippany new jersey.	misc	neutral
want to impress?	misc	neutral
the selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available.	food	neutral
we've lived in the area for more than 8 years.	misc	neutral
get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.	food	positive
get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.	price	positive
i have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a seat, a lunch i don't mind.	misc	neutral
my family and i ate here last night for our annual christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town.	misc	neutral
i grew up on these bagels.	misc	positive
we were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.	service	negative
the restaurant is very small so reservations are a must.	misc	neutral
visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews.	misc	neutral
a one women show!	misc	neutral
you can't go wrong here.	misc	positive
at first i was rolling my ideas of yet another french place on the ues.	misc	neutral
to my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.	service	negative
in china the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud.	misc	neutral
after dealing with subpar pizza all over the kensington neighborhood - i've found little toninos.	misc	positive
i thought this place was totally overrated.	misc	negative
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.	food	neutral
you won't find that anywhere in manhattan.	misc	positive
how do you rate home?	misc	positive
i went here in the afternoon with a friend.	misc	neutral
our first greeting when we entered was the last call is at 10 15.	service	negative
interior was so so.	ambience	negative
i'm partial to the gnocchi.	food	positive
i guess the way my friends and i described it was the french colonies.	misc	neutral
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they'd treat us well for the occasion.	misc	neutral
boy was i wrong!	misc	neutral
i visit new green bo when i have money or when i am broke.	price	neutral
note that they do not serve beer, you must bring your own.	service	negative
we ate outside at haru's sake bar because haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.	misc	neutral
when we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years.	misc	neutral
ahhh.	misc	neutral
better than the bagel shop on the corner, but not worth going out of your way for, in my opinion.	misc	negative
it helps if you know what to order.	misc	neutral
the service was typical short-order, dinner type.	service	neutral
we shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while i had the sashimi.	food	neutral
i can't believe people complain about no cheese sticks?	misc	neutral
but that is highly forgivable.	misc	positive
from the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.	food	positive
when we arrived at 6 00 pm, the restaurant was practically empty.	misc	neutral
each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.	food	neutral
i am going to the mid town location next.	misc	neutral
chow fun was dry pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family.	food	negative
chow fun was dry pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family.	ambience	negative
i we will never go back to this place again.	restaurant	negative
service was divine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	service	positive
service was divine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	food	positive
service was divine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	restaurant	positive
and i hate to say this but i doubt i'll ever go back.	restaurant	negative
the food is very average...the thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet, every thing they serve is too sweet here.	food	negative
the decor is night tho...but they really need to clean that vent in the ceiling...its quite un-appetizing, and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern.	ambience	negative
food-awesome.	food	positive
service- friendly and attentive.	service	positive
ambiance- relaxed and stylish.	ambience	positive
the food is decent.	food	neutral
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect, which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me, i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water, or the check.	service	negative
well, i didn't find it there, and trust, i have told everyone i can think of about my experience.	restaurant	negative
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty. hmmm.	restaurant	negative
it melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.	food	positive
we took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.	food	positive
quite simply it's like stepping out of manhattan and into a haven of tranquility.	ambience	positive
i like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.	food	positive
the service varys from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not.	service	negative
the food was average to above-average the french onion soup filling yet not overly impressive, and the desserts not brilliant in any way.	food	neutral
the combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious.	food	positive
the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese.	restaurant	positive
the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese.	food	positive
the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese.	service	positive
i just don't understand all the hype...	restaurant	negative
very cozy and warm inside.....	ambience	positive
i will be back!	restaurant	positive
the food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.	food	positive
the food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.	service	positive
not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!	location	positive
not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!	food	positive
i'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and i all enjoy mizu very much... and we're repeat customers.	restaurant	positive
make sure you have the spicy scallop roll.. .	food	positive
tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.	food	negative
the drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.	drinks	positive
try their chef's specials-- they are to die for.	food	positive
the waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet, we were told no...	service	negative
then, to top things off, she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes.	service	negative
such a disappointment...	service	negative
rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	service	negative
rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	food	neutral
rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	restaurant	negative
i loved everything about it-especially the shows and actors.	restaurant	positive
i loved everything about it-especially the shows and actors.	ambience	positive
the tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.	food	positive
two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.	food	negative
he served me an uni hand roll, which i never had before, and let me tell you...it was heaven!	food	positive
traditional french decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.	ambience	neutral
to sum it up service varies from good to mediocre, depending on which waiter you get generally it is just average ok.	service	neutral
seating is always prompt, though the restaurant does fill up in the evening.	service	positive
the restaurant is cute but not upscale.	restaurant	neutral
the have over 100 different beers to offer their guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.	drinks	positive
the have over 100 different beers to offer their guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.	food	positive
i have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo you can tell it was a fresh lobster.	food	positive
all the staff is absolutely professional!!	service	positive
(that is a must, but not every restaurant can do...)	service	positive
okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.	food	negative
it's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.	ambience	negative
it's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.	food	negative
fresh restaurant was amazing........ food was delicious and of course fresh.	restaurant	positive
fresh restaurant was amazing........ food was delicious and of course fresh.	food	positive
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...	ambience	positive
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...	restaurant	positive
the salads are delicious, both refreshing and very spicy.	food	positive
i have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.	food	negative
enjoyed a very nice caesar salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese....both very tasty.	food	positive
and where does patis go wrong no where.	restaurant	positive
you are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but cassuolet, steake fritte, tripe stew, etc simple stuff.	food	positive
mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).	food	neutral
mmmmm... it was delicious.	food	positive
the sushi is amazing!!!	food	positive
and amazingly cheap.	food	positive
the pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	food	positive
the pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	drinks	positive
the pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	service	positive
the pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	ambience	positive
they tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter, so i'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it.	restaurant	positive
check this place out!	restaurant	positive
first of all, this place is not romantic, as claimed by citysearch's editorial review.	ambience	negative
for instance, plates were just dumped on the table, i was handed the wine list upside down, etc....	service	negative
somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service.	service	negative
not one of our meals was edible - bland and or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring.	food	negative
one of us actually liked the espresso - that's it.	drinks	positive
myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the city the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else.	restaurant	positive
the view is breathtaking the service is top notch... the ambiance is wonderful.	location	positive
the view is breathtaking the service is top notch... the ambiance is wonderful.	service	positive
the view is breathtaking the service is top notch... the ambiance is wonderful.	ambience	positive
my boyfriend had prime rib it was good .	food	positive
we didn't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of korbett it was just enough.	drinks	positive
it's cuz it's so good you need to taste it!!!	food	positive
all in all we're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few weeks!!!!	restaurant	positive
the food is amazing... especially if you get the chef's tasting menu and your favourite bottle (or two!) of wine from an extensive selection of wines.	food	positive
the food is amazing... especially if you get the chef's tasting menu and your favourite bottle (or two!) of wine from an extensive selection of wines.	drinks	positive
everything we had was good or ok....but definitely nothing great.	food	neutral
when you add it all together, it just doesn't seem worth it to me...especially considering the prices.	restaurant	negative
thius is a must for anyone who loves shabu-shabu.	food	positive
i was there on sat. for my birthday and we had an excellent time.	restaurant	positive
whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to northern italy with one bite.	food	positive
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	ambience	neutral
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	food	positive
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	service	positive
if you go, try the marinara arrabiatta sauce, the mozzarella en carozza is mmmmmmmm..... everything is just delicious.	food	positive
who has room for cheesesticks with the best pizza in nyc!	food	positive
get the pepperoni - yum - and a family style salad.	food	positive
but the staff was so horrible to us.	service	negative
this place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	restaurant	negative
this place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	food	positive
this place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	service	negative
don't dine at tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.	food	neutral
10	restaurant	positive
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly.	restaurant	negative
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality.	food	negative
limited menu, no-so-fresh ingredients, thinly-sliced fish, fall-apart rice.	food	negative
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce (even its low sodium), the vinegar-soaked rice, and the scallion on top of the fish.	food	negative
the waitstaffs are nice though.	service	positive
both times i was extremely disappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.	service	negative
i had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, i tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.	food	negative
this restaurant is vegetarian there are no meat dishes whatsoever.	food	negative
lloovve this place.	restaurant	positive
waitstaff are very friendly.	service	positive
the large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.	food	positive
(the asparagus, truffle oil, parmesan bruschetta is a winner!)	food	positive
wine list is extensive without being over-priced.	drinks	positive
i almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and i would hate for it too become to crowded.	ambience	positive
after dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him where are you from...maybe you don't know how things work in america...and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on.	service	negative
we did tip, i guess the model waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager.	service	negative
when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not mcdonald's, every place makes things differently	service	negative
while it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.	service	negative
i think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.	restaurant	positive
everything was wonderful food, drinks, staff, mileau.	restaurant	positive
everything was wonderful food, drinks, staff, mileau.	food	positive
everything was wonderful food, drinks, staff, mileau.	drinks	positive
everything was wonderful food, drinks, staff, mileau.	service	positive
everything was wonderful food, drinks, staff, mileau.	ambience	positive
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.	food	positive
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.	service	positive
considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time, the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed.	service	positive
my friends settled for rice dishes, but we came back the following day to try the dim sum, which was good...not outstanding, but good.	food	neutral
it was $14 not really bad for a pound of pastrami-but it didn't have much taste-i've had better for less elsewhere!	food	negative
we waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right.	drinks	positive
this is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.	restaurant	positive
we were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial.	service	positive
she was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about indian food.	service	positive
she was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about indian food.	food	positive
guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the fillet, very good, didn't much like the fries that came with, but the fillet was so good, neither of us cared.	food	positive
the menu has so many fish items and oysters.	food	positive
the fish was really,really fresh.	food	positive
we all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in new york.	restaurant	positive
mizu is the japenese find in grammercy.	restaurant	positive
while their kitchen food is delicious, their sushi is out of this world.	food	positive
i expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu.	food	negative
wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!	drinks	positive
authentic taiwanese food that's cheap... what more could you ask for?	food	positive
i really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).	food	positive
my friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatoes.	food	positive
this is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the basil slice.	food	positive
this is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the basil slice.	restaurant	positive
calling the place hampton chutney co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.	restaurant	negative
calling the place hampton chutney co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.	ambience	negative
calling the place hampton chutney co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.	service	negative
try sushimi cucumber roll.	food	positive
love pizza 33..	restaurant	positive
i will be out with friends and all of a sudden i am hungry and i only crave one thing... their pizza.	food	positive
be sure not to get anything other than bagels!..	food	neutral
the turkey burgers are scary!	food	negative
awesome pizza especially the margheritta slice.	food	positive
try the pad thai, or sample anything on the appetizer menu...they're all delicious.	food	positive
i did not try the caviar but i tried their salmon and crab salad (they are all good)	food	positive
it is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat.	restaurant	positive
you can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1 2 drinks) for $8.50 (i recommend the vanilla shanty, mmmm!) in a great homey setting with great music.	drinks	positive
you can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1 2 drinks) for $8.50 (i recommend the vanilla shanty, mmmm!) in a great homey setting with great music.	ambience	positive
i love their thai	food	positive
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the must!	food	positive
the food is excellent!	food	positive
if you're daring, try the balsamic vinegar over icecream, it's wonderful!	food	positive
these are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner	food	negative
i was pleasantly surprised.	restaurant	positive
the pad se ew chicken was delicious, however the pad thai was far too oily.	food	neutral
i really loved the different and innovated touch that's the chef gives to the food.	food	positive
also it's great to have dinner in a very romantic and comfortable place, the service it's just perfect...they're so friendly that we never want to live the place!	ambience	positive
also it's great to have dinner in a very romantic and comfortable place, the service it's just perfect...they're so friendly that we never want to live the place!	service	positive
their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.	food	negative
the baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we've ever had!!	food	positive
the lamb was tender so full of flavor, the dessert was divine!!	food	positive
downtown dinner 2002 - prixe fix appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion..try the potato stuff kanish best one.	food	positive
downtown dinner 2002 - prixe fix appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion..try the potato stuff kanish best one.	service	negative
dessert is a joke...don't bother	food	negative
the restaurant has a family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.	ambience	positive
the restaurant has a family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.	food	positive
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesy of the house...	restaurant	neutral
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesy of the house...	drinks	positive
guaranteed to be a tasty experience!)	drinks	positive
excellent spot for holiday get together with co-workers or friends that you haven't seen in a while.	restaurant	positive
go there once and oh yes...you will go back...you will...	restaurant	positive
they should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies.	food	negative
i have to say that i am pleasantly suprised and i will most likely stop in again if i am in the neighborhood.	restaurant	positive
i have never had cheescake like this.	food	positive
the food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.	food	positive
the food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.	drinks	positive
have been several times and it never disappoints.	restaurant	positive
probably would not go again...	restaurant	negative
a classic!	food	positive
don't miss bloom's on your next trip to manhatten.	restaurant	positive
ravioli was good...but i have to say that i found everything a bit overpriced.	food	neutral
service, however, was excellent...and i liked the setting atmosphere a lot.	service	positive
service, however, was excellent...and i liked the setting atmosphere a lot.	ambience	positive
food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.	food	neutral
food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.	restaurant	negative
faan is sooo good.	restaurant	positive
the mussles were the fishiest things i've ever tasted, the seabass was bland, the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese, the penne w chicken had bones in it... it was disgusting.	food	negative
my fav was the sassy lassi...	drinks	positive
went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.	ambience	positive
went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.	service	positive
went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.	food	positive
when family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.	service	positive
the food here does a great service to the name (cantonese that is...).	food	positive
simply some good tasting chinese food at incredible prices...	food	positive
service is not what you are coming here for...	service	negative
big wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach.	restaurant	positive
always good drinks and service is pretty good	drinks	positive
always good drinks and service is pretty good	service	positive
atmosphere is nice and relaxed too...	ambience	positive
a great place to meet up for some food and drinks...	restaurant	positive
yakitori (bbq meats) is tasty too.	food	positive
wasn't going to share but i feel obligated...while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing.	food	negative
fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a manhattanite, or spend most of your time in manhattan, rice avenue will make you feel at home.....very soho village upper west side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on roosevelt avenue!	ambience	positive
fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a manhattanite, or spend most of your time in manhattan, rice avenue will make you feel at home.....very soho village upper west side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on roosevelt avenue!	food	positive
fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a manhattanite, or spend most of your time in manhattan, rice avenue will make you feel at home.....very soho village upper west side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on roosevelt avenue!	service	positive
fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a manhattanite, or spend most of your time in manhattan, rice avenue will make you feel at home.....very soho village upper west side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on roosevelt avenue!	location	positive
fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a manhattanite, or spend most of your time in manhattan, rice avenue will make you feel at home.....very soho village upper west side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on roosevelt avenue!	restaurant	positive
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.	service	negative
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.	food	negative
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went.	food	positive
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went.	location	positive
never have i had such dramatic delivery guys (a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b c i live in a walkup) who always seem disappointed with their tips.	service	negative
love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it..very fortunate, location wise.	ambience	positive
love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it..very fortunate, location wise.	location	positive
we were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion...a bucket of food literally.	food	positive
the pasta penne was pretty extra buttery, creamy which means a big task to digest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count, penne...got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed...lol	food	negative
this place blew me away...by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side.	restaurant	positive
the mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert...definitely going to be back very soon.	food	positive
the mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert...definitely going to be back very soon.	restaurant	positive
i've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years a new jazz bar, the most fantastic dining garden, the best thin crust pizzas, and now a lasagna menu which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)!	ambience	positive
i've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years a new jazz bar, the most fantastic dining garden, the best thin crust pizzas, and now a lasagna menu which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)!	food	positive
i like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda disappointing.	food	positive
rude service, mediocre food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	service	negative
rude service, mediocre food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	food	neutral
rude service, mediocre food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	restaurant	negative
the decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private both on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.	ambience	positive
the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.	food	positive
this restaurant was recommended by a local...as a matter of fact, he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed!	restaurant	positive
a guaranteeed delight!	restaurant	positive
both times i was extremely disappointed by the service, which was borderline rude.	service	negative
this place is really trendy but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant, the food.	food	negative
this place is really trendy but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant, the food.	ambience	positive
if you like your music blasted and the system isn't that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.	drinks	negative
if you like your music blasted and the system isn't that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.	ambience	negative
the only thing you can do here is walk in and eat .. but planning an event, especially a small, intimate one, forget about it.	restaurant	negative
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.	food	positive
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liqueurs which were courtesy of the house...	restaurant	neutral
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liqueurs which were courtesy of the house...	drinks	positive
a real dissapointment.	food	negative
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overrated and on the pricey side.	service	negative
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overrated and on the pricey side.	food	negative
love al di la	restaurant	positive
i recommend this place to everyone.	restaurant	positive
great food.	food	positive
one of my favorite places in brooklyn.	restaurant	positive
the pastas are incredible, the risottos (particularly the sepia) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing.	food	positive
overpriced and not tasty	food	negative
the food here was mediocre at best.	food	negative
it was totally overpriced- fish and chips was about $15....	food	negative
tasty dog!	food	positive
an awesome organic dog, and a conscious eco friendly establishment.	food	positive
an awesome organic dog, and a conscious eco friendly establishment.	restaurant	positive
one of the best hot dogs i have ever eaten.	food	positive
the cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it.	restaurant	positive
but the best pork souvlaki i ever had is the main thing.	food	positive
run don't walk.	restaurant	positive
super yummy pizza!	food	positive
i was visiting new york city with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant.	ambience	positive
i looove their eggplant pizza, as well as their pastas!	food	positive
we had half half pizza, mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was so huge for a small size pizza!	food	positive
we had fun eating in there, we were there like around 3 a.m. in the morning!	restaurant	positive
will comeback for sure, wish they have it here in la..	restaurant	positive
excellent food, although the interior could use some help.	food	positive
excellent food, although the interior could use some help.	ambience	negative
the space kind of feels like an alice in wonderland setting, without it trying to be that.	ambience	negative
i paid just about $60 for a good meal, though )	food	positive
great sake!	drinks	positive
reliable, fresh sushi	food	positive
the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious.	food	positive
have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once.	service	positive
delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week.	service	negative
delivery guy sometimes get upset if you don't tip more than 10%.	service	negative
best. sushi. ever.	food	positive
this place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi.	food	positive
creative, consistent, fresh.	food	positive
excellent sashimi, and the millennium roll is beyond delicious.	food	positive
not cheap but very yummy.	food	neutral
love it.	restaurant	positive
very, very nice	restaurant	positive
the place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.	location	neutral
the place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.	restaurant	positive
not only is the food	food	positive
not only is the food	restaurant	positive
loved it	restaurant	positive
we had a very nice time.	restaurant	positive
the waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.	service	positive
the waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.	food	positive
the waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.	location	positive
i'd definitely go back again.	restaurant	positive
great place to relax and enjoy your dinner	ambience	positive
there is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week.	ambience	positive
place is open till late, no dress code.	restaurant	positive
good food my favorite is the seafood spaghetti.	food	positive
highly recommended!	restaurant	positive
excellent food for great prices	food	positive
my husband and i have been sold on this from the first visit.	restaurant	positive
the wait staff is very courteous and accommodating.	service	positive
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	restaurant	negative
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	food	positive
there are no negatives to speak of.	restaurant	positive
the bestt!	restaurant	positive
my favorite place lol	restaurant	positive
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is so good	food	positive
its alright	restaurant	neutral
im not necessarily fanatical about this place, but it was a fun time for low prices.	restaurant	positive
lobster was good, nothing spectacular.	food	neutral
its just a fun place to go, not a five star restaurant.	restaurant	neutral
way below average	restaurant	negative
i think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked.	food	negative
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.	service	negative
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.	food	negative
would never go back	restaurant	negative
i love this place	restaurant	positive
i wasn't here for the pizza so i can't comment on that yet but what i had was very good.	food	positive
the service was quick and friendly.	service	positive
everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome.	service	positive
i thought the restaurant was nice and clean.	restaurant	positive
i thought the restaurant was nice and clean.	ambience	positive
i ordered the vitello alla marsala and i was pretty impressed.	food	positive
the veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly.	food	positive
the potato balls were not dry at all... in fact it was buttery.	food	positive
the only downside... they only take cash which is ok if you know about it ahead of time.	restaurant	negative
i'll be back for sure.	restaurant	positive
worst place on smith street in brooklyn	restaurant	negative
very immature bartender, didn't know how to make specific drinks, service was so slow, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and weren't very attentive to all the customers.	service	negative
very immature bartender, didn't know how to make specific drinks, service was so slow, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and weren't very attentive to all the customers.	food	negative
i would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner.	restaurant	negative
awesome	restaurant	positive
the food is always fresh ...	food	positive
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	food	negative
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	service	neutral
went here on sat 1 26 and was disappointed.	restaurant	negative
chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top??	food	negative
food was luke warm.	food	negative
the waitress was not attentive at all.	service	negative
i was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they don't have.	food	negative
not because you are "the four seasons"... you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romantic dinner.	restaurant	negative
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	food	positive
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	service	positive
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	restaurant	negative
i do not think dinner in manhattan should cost $400.00 where i am not swept off my feet.	food	negative
red dragon roll - my favorite thing to eat, of any food group - hands down	food	positive
just go to yamato and order the red dragon roll.	restaurant	positive
just go to yamato and order the red dragon roll.	food	positive
if you don't like it, i don't know what to tell you.	food	positive
the seafood dynamite is also otherworldly.	food	positive
i'm not even going to bother to describe it it speaks for itself.	food	positive
favorite sushi in nyc	food	positive
an unpretentious spot in park slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.	ambience	positive
an unpretentious spot in park slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.	food	positive
an unpretentious spot in park slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.	service	positive
in the summer months, the back garden area is really nice.	ambience	positive
the rolls are creative and i have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food.	food	positive
the dancing, white river and millenium rolls are musts.	food	positive
so good	restaurant	positive
i can eat here every day of the week really lol love this place ...)	restaurant	positive
gross food wow-	food	negative
i can't remember the last time i had such gross food in new york.	food	negative
my quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.	food	negative
and $11 for a plate of bland guacamole?	food	negative
don't get me started on the margaritas, either.	drinks	negative
mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila.	drinks	negative
save your money and your time and go somewhere else.	restaurant	negative
oh, and i never write reviews--i just was so moved by how bad this place was, i felt it was my duty to spread the word.	restaurant	negative
great indian food!	food	positive
when i got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly.	service	positive
the food was good, the place was clean and affordable.	food	positive
the food was good, the place was clean and affordable.	ambience	positive
the food was good, the place was clean and affordable.	restaurant	positive
i noticed a lot of indian people eating there which is a great sign for an indian place!	restaurant	positive
this is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	restaurant	positive
this is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	ambience	positive
this is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	food	positive
the staff is very good.	service	positive
love their drink menu.	drinks	positive
i highly recommend this beautiful place.	ambience	positive
i highly recommend this beautiful place.	restaurant	positive
nice for one time special occasion.	restaurant	positive
they honored reservation on sunday afternoon very well.	service	positive
we were offered water for the table but were not told the voss bottles of water were $8 a piece.	drinks	negative
food was ok.	food	neutral
nice view of river and nyc.	location	positive
i come here enjoy very much with husband.	restaurant	positive
remind me of home.	restaurant	positive
great service	service	positive
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm so delicious	food	positive
a beautifully designed dreamy egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night.	ambience	positive
watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.	food	positive
watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.	ambience	positive
oh, and there's hookah.	ambience	positive
raymond the bartender rocks!	service	positive
pacifico is a great place to casually hang out.	restaurant	positive
the drinks are great, especially when made by raymond.	drinks	positive
the drinks are great, especially when made by raymond.	service	positive
the omlette for brunch is great...	food	positive
the spinach is fresh, definitely not frozen...	food	positive
quacamole at pacifico is yummy, as are the wings with chimmichuri.	food	positive
a weakness is the chicken in the salads.	food	negative
it's just average, just shredded, no seasoning on it.	food	negative
also, i personally wasn't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole.	food	negative
overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.	food	positive
overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.	service	positive
best indian restaurant in the city	restaurant	positive
decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!	ambience	negative
decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!	food	positive
this small astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in new york.	food	positive
what really makes it shine is the food, which is aggressively seasoned with cyrpriot spices, and all made in-house (even the gyro meat and sausages), and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected.	food	positive
all the various greek and cypriot dishes are excellent, but the gyro is the reason to come--if you don't eat one your trip was wasted.	food	positive
best restaurant in brooklyn	restaurant	positive
the best!	restaurant	positive
great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.	food	positive
great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.	service	positive
great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.	restaurant	positive
the veal was incredible last night.	food	positive
fresh, mind blowing flavors.	food	positive
this place is a must visit!	restaurant	positive
delicious, creative and fun.	food	positive
got a date? go here!	restaurant	positive
every time i have a special occasion with my boyfriend i have a hard time going anywhere else.	restaurant	positive
it is so romantic.	ambience	positive
its dark, and cozy.. there is always jazz music playing when we go.	ambience	positive
most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like 'that' couple.	ambience	positive
the food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together.	food	positive
i've enjoyed 99% of the dishes we've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish (i'm a daring eater but not that daring).	food	neutral
once you try it for a special occasion beware.. you can't stop!	restaurant	positive
you'll be ther for every anniversary, birthday, valentines day...	restaurant	positive
for a fabulous wedding!	restaurant	positive
my daughter's wedding reception at water's edge received the highest compliments from our guests.	restaurant	positive
everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!	ambience	positive
everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!	location	positive
everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!	food	positive
service was wonderful	service	positive
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful.	service	positive
paul, the maitre d', was totally professional and always on top of things.	service	positive
thank you everyone at water's edge.	restaurant	positive
would not go back.	restaurant	negative
service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.	service	negative
service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.	ambience	negative
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	location	neutral
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	food	negative
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	restaurant	negative
the bar drinks were eh, ok to say the least.	drinks	negative
the stuff tilapia was horrid...tasted like cardboard.	food	negative
we thought the dessert would be better, wrong!	food	negative
$170 down the toilet...	restaurant	negative
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting.	ambience	negative
the floor was wet, the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor, no soap, and no hand towels left.	ambience	negative
good experience	restaurant	positive
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.	drinks	positive
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.	service	negative
the bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the "free" appetizer of olives was disappointing.	food	negative
however, our main course was wonderful.	food	positive
i had fish and my husband had the fillet - both of which exceeded our expectations.	food	positive
the dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.	food	positive
the dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.	service	negative
when we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost.	service	negative
not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location.	service	negative
not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location.	restaurant	neutral
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	restaurant	positive
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	ambience	positive
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	service	negative
short and sweet seating is great it's romantic,cozy and private.	ambience	positive
the boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they're perfect for 2 people.	ambience	positive
the service was extremely fast and attentive(thanks to the service button on your table) but i barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order.	service	positive
the food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy.	food	neutral
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.	ambience	positive
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.	food	negative
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	restaurant	negative
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	ambience	neutral
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	food	negative
will prob. not return but it is a great dinning experience to try at least once.	restaurant	neutral
impressed...	restaurant	positive
subtle food and service	food	positive
subtle food and service	service	positive
noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy.	service	positive
noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy.	food	positive
servers are all different, greg is my favorite.	service	positive
sometimes tables don't understand his sense of humor but it's refreshing to have a server who has personality, professionalism, and respects the privacy of your dinner.	service	positive
this is the first place i've been that a runner remembers my order... hope he likes his job because i have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant.	service	positive
prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.	food	positive
prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.	drinks	positive
i go out to eat and like my courses, servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink.	service	positive
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings!!!	food	positive
this place had all the trimmings and i mean all.	food	positive
peppers, onions, relish, chilli, cheeses, you name it.	food	positive
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages please do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!	restaurant	positive
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages please do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!	food	positive
best dining experience in the west village!	restaurant	positive
stepping into casa la femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in new york!	restaurant	positive
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had!	ambience	positive
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had!	food	positive
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had!	service	positive
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had!	restaurant	positive
the have a great cocktail with citrus vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for!	drinks	positive
food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.	food	positive
food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.	service	neutral
we were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd.	ambience	positive
i never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending!	restaurant	positive
great find in the west village!	restaurant	positive
maggot in the food!	food	negative
the menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.	food	positive
the menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.	service	positive
nevertheless, i finished my plate, and that's when i found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom.	food	negative
i showed it to the manager, and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts (but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for).	service	neutral
when the bill came, nothing was comped, so i told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine, but i didn't think i should have to pay for food with a maggot in it.	service	negative
the manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine (which cost less than the food), and made it seem like a big concession.	service	negative
we paid and left because we didn't feel like arguing any more.	service	negative
i have worked in restaurants and cook a lot, and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food.	food	negative
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.	restaurant	positive
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.	service	negative
unhygienic	food	negative
i do not recommend.	restaurant	negative
i got hair in my food 2 times of then !	food	negative
great place, great value.	restaurant	positive
the food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.	food	positive
the atmosphere is relaxed and casual.	ambience	positive
it's a great place to order from or sit-in.	restaurant	positive
inexpensive, unassuming, great time!	restaurant	positive
sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance.	food	positive
try it!	restaurant	positive
very pleased	restaurant	positive
good creative rolls!	food	positive
yamato is an excellent place to go if you're not into sashimi, or if you have friends who doesn't like sushi much.	restaurant	positive
they have great rolls, the triple color and norwegetan rolls, are awesome and filling.	food	positive
one special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up, but save room for dessert!	food	positive
they have a delicious banana chocolate dessert, as well as a great green tea tempura.	food	positive
the appetizers are also delicious!	food	positive
amazing food.	food	positive
mazing interior.	ambience	negative
great food!	food	positive
i've had my fair share of modern japanese and this spot delivers.	food	positive
the atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking, which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors.	ambience	negative
if you're into being lost when you're just five feet from your table then hey, that's a good thing.	ambience	negative
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future.	food	positive
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future.	ambience	negative
indo chinese food, pretty good...	food	positive
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food.	ambience	neutral
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food.	food	positive
the chicken lollipop is my favorite, most of the dishes (i have to agree with a previous reviewer) are quite oily and very spicy, especially the chilli chicken.	food	negative
my mom originally introduced me to this place, but even she (being indian) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily.	food	negative
still we keep going back )	restaurant	positive
i was speechless by the horrible food.	food	negative
i attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant, and the food was majorly disappointing.	food	negative
rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).	service	negative
rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).	food	negative
i was so stunned, and i left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing.	restaurant	negative
this place survives on reputation alone.	restaurant	negative
i will never return.	restaurant	negative
best in all of nyc	restaurant	positive
this is the most wonderful restaurant in all of new york city, not just brooklyn...	restaurant	positive
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty, most delicious food and kept it that way...	food	positive
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...	restaurant	positive
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...	food	positive
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...	service	positive
you should travel from the bronx to try it...	restaurant	positive
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	food	positive
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	drinks	positive
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	service	positive
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	location	positive
so delicious!!!!!!	food	positive
patsy's pizza = true love	restaurant	positive
hands down the best pizza on the planet.	food	positive
in about 12 minutes, the thing is gone.	food	positive
great hot dogs..	food	positive
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside.	food	positive
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!	food	positive
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!	restaurant	positive
great taste	food	positive
great, original taste.	food	positive
for me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.	food	negative
for me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.	restaurant	positive
helpful service and average price per dish $10.	service	positive
helpful service and average price per dish $10.	food	positive
the only thing that strikes you is the decor?(not very pleasant).	ambience	negative
great food	food	positive
this place has great indian chinese food.	food	positive
the flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal.	food	positive
be prepared to wait, because the place is pretty tiny.	restaurant	negative
also, they do not take credit card so come with cash!	restaurant	neutral
even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.	ambience	negative
even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.	food	positive
best indian chinese in the city, by far!	food	positive
amazing my favorite!!!	restaurant	positive
i came across village underground by accident, now i go there all the time.	restaurant	positive
the martinis are amazing and very fairly priced.	drinks	positive
the service is amazing, i've had different waiters and they were all nice, which is a rare thing in nyc.	service	positive
the dj is awesome, i have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and i keep going back.	ambience	positive
the dj is awesome, i have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and i keep going back.	restaurant	positive
you can get a table without a reservation if you get there early i they don't make you by bottles.	service	positive
which lets face it....at times it's a good thing.	service	positive
in the end you end up with a fair tab and nothing but a great time!!!	restaurant	positive
one of the best, if not the best, restaurants in park slope (and ny in general)	restaurant	positive
everything on the menu is great.	food	positive
this establishment is the real deal.	restaurant	positive
wish ny had more of these kind of places intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.	ambience	positive
wish ny had more of these kind of places intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.	food	positive
wish ny had more of these kind of places intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.	restaurant	positive
but $500 for a dinner for two that didn't include wine?	food	negative
look, the appetizers were really good.	food	positive
the entree was also very good.	food	positive
can't argue about that, but they are clearly over priced.	food	negative
what you are paying for is the environment and the name.	ambience	neutral
what you are paying for is the environment and the name.	restaurant	negative
yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.	ambience	positive
yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.	restaurant	negative
which of course is not real kobe but wagyu beef.	food	negative
surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as kobe.	restaurant	negative
vanison was good but not amazing.	food	neutral
bison was quite excellent however.	food	positive
dessert pure disaster.	food	negative
just not good at all.	food	negative
some pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing not impressive at all.	food	negative
i read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and i thought to myself, but may be it is worth it.	restaurant	negative
the four seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of new york city restaurants, but trust me, they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say "i've been to the four seasons restaurant".	restaurant	negative
i wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly, curiousity got the best of me and i paid dearly for it.	restaurant	negative
all in all, the food was great (except for the desserts).	food	neutral
the environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts.	ambience	neutral
the environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts.	restaurant	neutral
if you are going for the food, it will not be worth it.	food	negative
you would think they would make up for it with service, sadly, no.	service	negative
service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.	service	negative
service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.	restaurant	negative
terrible waste of money.. scammers	restaurant	negative
i agree that dining at casa la femme is like no other dining experience!	restaurant	negative
i am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience.	restaurant	negative
i literally just got back home after visiting casa la femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time.	restaurant	negative
our visit their to say the least, was an unpleasant and costly experience!	restaurant	negative
and even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience.	restaurant	negative
we did arrive late for our reservation so i can not complain too much about the wait for a table.	service	neutral
although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes.	service	negative
we were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited.	restaurant	positive
the place is beautiful!	ambience	positive
the hostess was very pleasant.	service	positive
however, our $14 drinks were were horrible!	drinks	negative
once we finally got a table, despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed!	service	negative
our experience did not ever get any better.	restaurant	negative
for each course we waited over 1 2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink.	service	negative
we also asked for hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the hooka.	service	negative
after the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner.	service	negative
we asked for beverages and never received them.	service	negative
we asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order.	service	negative
my chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin.	food	negative
i would not expect this for a $55 dinner.	food	negative
by the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage nor hooka!	service	negative
what we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka.. some of which we never received!	service	negative
the only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses!	service	negative
to top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.	service	negative
to top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.	restaurant	negative
by the time we left our wallets were empty and so were our stomachs and we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!	food	negative
by the time we left our wallets were empty and so were our stomachs and we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!	restaurant	negative
if it seemed possible to do so while there i would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!	food	negative
if it seemed possible to do so while there i would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!	restaurant	negative
i have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused, and wasted my hard earned money.	restaurant	negative
my husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!	restaurant	negative
my husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!	service	negative
i wish i could be refunded!	restaurant	negative
don't go with a larger group than 4!	restaurant	negative
at first we were a little taken aback, as this seemed to present a problem, although the restaurant looked fairly empty, but they hastily put the table together for us.	service	positive
the menu is fairly simple without much descriptions.	food	neutral
there was no tap beer that evening, which was a disappointment.	drinks	negative
not much of a selection of bottled beer either, we went with brahma.	drinks	negative
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each).	food	neutral
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each).	service	positive
the lobster knuckles (special of the day) were ok, but pretty tasteless.	food	negative
i believe there were 2 shrimp in the "salt encrusted shrimp" appetizer.	food	negative
she replied "well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now, since you are a larger party, and it might get crowded."	service	negative
the food arrived in about 15 minutes.	service	neutral
i had the thai style fried sea bass...which was very good.	food	positive
everyone seemed generally happy with their food, except my brother who had the grilled mahi mahi, seemingly drenched in grapfruit juice!	food	negative
i heard the lobster roll was excellent.	food	positive
they seemed to continue to rush us along, taking plates without asking if we were done (my sister still had her fork in hand).	service	negative
all in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side, but fresh.	food	neutral
service not the friendliest to our "large party"!	service	negative
probably would not go back here.	restaurant	negative
great indian food	food	positive
food was amazing - i love indian food and eat it quite regularly, but i can say this is one of the best i've had.	food	positive
very "normal indian food", but done really well.	food	positive
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	restaurant	neutral
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	food	negative
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	ambience	negative
also, waiters try to push more food on you, like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $.	service	negative
i don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).	service	negative
i don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).	restaurant	negative
but if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for indian food	food	positive
but if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for indian food	restaurant	negative
one of the best	restaurant	positive
bukhara grill, the tagline says it all.. "indian spice rave"	restaurant	positive
the lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it.	food	neutral
we have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.	service	positive
we have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.	food	positive
bukhara is on my top 5 indian places in nyc	restaurant	positive
wretched and retching	restaurant	negative
i have never been so disgusted by both food an service.	food	negative
i have never been so disgusted by both food an service.	service	negative
for starters they delivered us someone else's order.	service	negative
however, once i received my predictably mediocre order of what dokebi thinks passes as korean fair, (sometimes you have to settle when it's your only option), i got through about half my kimchee before i found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting, slimy, clearly bad piece of fish skin.	food	negative
my main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but i would be lying is i said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen i was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.	food	negative
my main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but i would be lying is i said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen i was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.	service	negative
none was made so i hung up.	service	negative
less than three minutes passed before i found myself doubled over the toilet.	food	negative
my girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that i was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.	food	negative
my girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that i was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.	service	negative
it wasn't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand, but now it's simply repulsive.	restaurant	negative
eat at your own risk.	food	negative
gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner	ambience	positive
gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner	restaurant	positive
i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.	food	positive
i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.	ambience	positive
the service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing!	service	positive
i completely recommend casa la femme for any special occasion and to really impress your date.	restaurant	positive
more williamsburg garbage	restaurant	negative
the dishes came out around 5 minutes apart.	service	negative
the bibimbap was average, but the stone bowl wasn't even close to sizzling.	food	negative
too bad i had paid an extra $2 for the stone bowl.	food	negative
the nakgi-bokum was horrible.	food	negative
easily the worst stir-fried squid i've ever tasted.	food	negative
the sauce tasted more like chinese fast food than decent korean.	food	negative
the side dishes were passable, and i did get a refill upon request.	food	neutral
the real problem i had with this place was the complete lack of service.	service	negative
she just nodded and walked off.	service	negative
as to my comment about the food, no apology or acknowledgment was made.	service	negative
my wife had barely touched that mess of a dish.	food	negative
we were charged full price.	service	negative
lives up to the hype	restaurant	positive
we've tried before but it always packed and doesn't take reservations.	restaurant	neutral
it was well worth the wait.	restaurant	positive
the wife had the risotto which was amazing.	food	positive
it doesn't look appetizing as it's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black, but the taste was phenomenal.	food	neutral
the farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty.	food	positive
i love margherita pizza i love east village pizza	restaurant	positive
i love margherita pizza i love east village pizza	food	positive
love this place, every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go.	restaurant	positive
a quintessential slice of nyc pizza.	food	neutral
the crust has a great bite and a good chew, the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it, the salt from the cheese is great, really heightens the flavor of all the other components.	food	positive
personally i like the margherita pizza better, but they are all good.	food	positive
possibly the most romantic restaurant in the city	ambience	positive
this is undoubtedly my favorite modern japanese brasserie (that don t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!	restaurant	positive
this is undoubtedly my favorite modern japanese brasserie (that don t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!	ambience	positive
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate d cor will make you feel like you re no longer in the city.	location	neutral
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate d cor will make you feel like you re no longer in the city.	ambience	positive
if you re planning to come here, make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching (choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky!).	ambience	positive
it s just you and your date and an occasional cute excuse me before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!	ambience	positive
it s just you and your date and an occasional cute excuse me before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!	service	positive
my party had the bbe $29 fixe prix menu, which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake!	food	positive
we started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche.	food	positive
i picked the grilled black cod as my entree, which i absolutely devoured while someone commented that the grilled salmon dish was better.	food	positive
the sake s complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world.	drinks	positive
for desserts, we tried the frozen black sesame mousse (interesting but not extraordinary) and matcha (powdered green tea) and blueberry cheesecake, which was phenomenal.	food	positive
maybe it was the great company (i had friends visiting from philly yes, it was not a date this time) or the super reasonable price point, but i just can t say enough good things about this brasserie.	restaurant	positive
i don t usually visit the same establishment more than once, what more twice, but i ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet, unhurried and memorable dinner.	restaurant	positive
i don t usually visit the same establishment more than once, what more twice, but i ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet, unhurried and memorable dinner.	ambience	positive
terrible would be a compliment!	restaurant	negative
the service leaves much to be desired, from feeling like you are rushed the place your order, to being ignored the rest of the night.	service	negative
we paid a fixed pricce but got nothing!!	service	negative
we never ate because by close to 2 in the morning we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating.	service	negative
they are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!	service	negative
they are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!	drinks	negative
they are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!	food	negative
stay away	restaurant	negative
great shabu shabu	food	positive
i tried a couple other dishes but wasn't too impressed.	food	neutral
but for the shabu shabu, you won't find much better in ny.	food	positive
the meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.	food	positive
the meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.	service	positive
dokebi gives williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos.	food	positive
the hot dogs are good, yes, but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich, perfect on its supermarket squishy bun.	food	positive
restaurant with a view	location	neutral
the food tasted very good.	food	positive
the family seafood entree was very good.	food	positive
the main entree was also very good.	food	positive
price is high but the food is good, so i would come back again.	food	neutral
price is high but the food is good, so i would come back again.	restaurant	positive
this place doesn't make any sense	restaurant	negative
just want to warn you all - don't waste your time and money.	restaurant	negative
this place has totally weird decor, stairs going up with mirrored walls - i am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional...	ambience	negative
this place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.	ambience	negative
this place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.	food	negative
the concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly doesn't work.	food	negative
the food they serve is not comforting, not appetizing and uncooked.	food	negative
good food	food	positive
the food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, i don't like being cramp in a corner.	food	positive
the food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, i don't like being cramp in a corner.	ambience	negative
over all it was a very nice romantic place .	restaurant	positive
over all it was a very nice romantic place .	ambience	positive
a coworker and i tried pacifico after work a few fridays and loved it.	restaurant	positive
the atmosphere was great.	ambience	positive
the food we ordered was excellent, although i wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.	food	positive
the food we ordered was excellent, although i wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.	drinks	neutral
our waitress wasn't mean, but not especially warm or attentive either.	service	neutral
i must say i am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year, though.	restaurant	positive
regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.	ambience	positive
regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.	restaurant	positive
dumbfoundingly poor	restaurant	negative
this was, from start to finish, a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience.	restaurant	negative
lexicographers take note a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in brooklyn.	service	negative
the servers at flatbush farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention.	service	negative
polite acknowledgment is out	service	negative
supercilious scorn is in.	service	negative
and how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins, inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent?	service	negative
a different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).	service	negative
a different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).	food	positive
overall the food quality was pretty good, though i hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.	food	positive
overall the food quality was pretty good, though i hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.	service	negative
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	ambience	positive
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	drinks	positive
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	service	negative
at $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.	restaurant	negative
at $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.	service	negative
on that scale, it's a world-beater.	restaurant	negative
how is this palce still open?	restaurant	negative
i honestly don't even know where to begin.	restaurant	negative
we arrived and were seated immediately, which made us both happy.	service	positive
everything was going good until we got our meals.	restaurant	positive
everything was going good until we got our meals.	food	negative
i took one look at the chicken and i was appalled.	food	negative
it was served with skin, over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes.	food	negative
i took one bite from the $24 salmon, and i have never, in the 17 years i have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy, as dry, and as bland as the one in flatbush farms.	food	negative
at this point, the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay, i was literally so shocked that i was speechless and didn't say anything, and guess what, the waitress walked away.	service	negative
so, i switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe i could stomach the meat and spinach again, but the spinach was so undercooked that i just could not bite through it.	food	negative
i couldn't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach.	food	negative
so i decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible.	food	negative
guess what, i waited for twenty minutes before she came over and when she finally did, she says, "oh well, i wish you would have said something earlier" no apology, nothing.	service	negative
after that she simply took our plates, walked away, came back another twenty minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it!!!!!!!!!!!!	service	negative
no desert menu, no apology, nothing!!!!!!	service	negative
this is where it really really gets bad the manager said, there is absolutely nothing we can do, it's a matter of taste that she didn't like it, and i cannot comp it.	service	negative
again, no apology, no is there anything else i can get you, no can i get you a drink to make up for it, nothing!!!!	service	negative
the level of rudeness was preposterous.	service	negative
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	service	negative
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	drinks	positive
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	food	positive
i have never ever had such an unpleasant experience.	restaurant	negative
this staff should be fired.	service	negative
cirspy crust margherita pizza	food	positive
it was really good pizza.	food	positive
the crust was amazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded ) ) )	food	positive
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review.	restaurant	positive
single worst restaurant in manhattan	restaurant	negative
i'll being with a couple of positives cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.	ambience	positive
i'll being with a couple of positives cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.	food	positive
if i could give 0 stars i would do so for this place.	restaurant	negative
the reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews.	restaurant	negative
well...they can run but they can't hide.	restaurant	negative
this place...god where do i begin.	restaurant	negative
it is quite a spectacular scene i'll give them that.	ambience	positive
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	ambience	neutral
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	food	negative
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	service	negative
how this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy, or any other for that matter, is beyond me.	restaurant	negative
great hot dogs!	food	positive
though it's been crowded most times i've gone here, bark always delivers on their food.	food	positive
though it's been crowded most times i've gone here, bark always delivers on their food.	restaurant	neutral
the hot dogs are top notch, and they're slamwich is amazing!	food	positive
going to bark is always worth the train ride, and will make your tongue and belly very happy!	restaurant	positive
going to bark is always worth the train ride, and will make your tongue and belly very happy!	food	positive
only complaint is the pricing--i believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu.	food	negative
but nonetheless--great spot, great food.	restaurant	positive
but nonetheless--great spot, great food.	food	positive
fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off	food	positive
fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off	service	negative
it's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions, but we've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years.	restaurant	negative
each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return.	service	neutral
each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return.	food	positive
as bfc doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!	restaurant	negative
as bfc doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!	service	negative
the frizzy retro girl (with winged dame edna glasses) will yell at you if you try to order a drink.	service	negative
i was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a friday night because she "had a bbq to go to" that night - wtf??	service	negative
i'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely!	service	negative
there's another girl who i can't describe, she is about 5'6" with brown hair, who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said, so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you're really talking about.	service	negative
i'm a friendly person, so i wouldn't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal.	service	negative
again, i'd be super upset if that were my employee.	service	negative
considering you will spend at least $60 a head, i expect better service.	service	negative
considering you will spend at least $60 a head, i expect better service.	restaurant	negative
so, if you're walking by and thinking about dining, you might want to see who's going to be seating you first...	service	negative
maitre-d-"eat and get out"	service	negative
the food and service were fine, however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.	food	positive
the food and service were fine, however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.	service	neutral
while finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine, our son's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert.	drinks	positive
this guy refused to seat her and she left, followed shortly by the four of us, but not before i told him that in my 40 years of world travel, including paris, that i had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant.	service	negative
his response was smug, arrogant, and condescending, totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening.	service	negative
a word to the wise you can't dine here and disturb the maitre-d's sense of " table turnover", as whacked as it is, or else.	service	negative
if you go here, do it on his off-night.	service	negative
best meal in a long time!	food	positive
mussles and calamari were superb saturday evening.	food	positive
i had the lamb special which was perfect.	food	positive
my father had the flank steak which was very good, and my mother had the swordfish.	food	positive
the four seasons restaurant is a great experience.	restaurant	positive
the food is great and the environment is even better.	food	positive
the food is great and the environment is even better.	ambience	positive
everyone must come here at least once.	restaurant	positive
highly recommend it!	restaurant	positive
taking hot dogs to the next level	food	positive
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at bark you don't just get your average hot dog.	restaurant	negative
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at bark you don't just get your average hot dog.	food	positive
here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available.	food	positive
great atmosphere	ambience	positive
i highly recommend the fish tacos, everything else was ok.	food	positive
cool atmosphere, the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night.	ambience	positive
poor service and management	service	negative
don t go to this place!	restaurant	negative
had an awful experience at casa la femme on a saturday dinner.	restaurant	negative
appetizers took nearly an hour.	service	negative
when the main course finally arrived (another 45mins) half of our order was missing.	service	negative
never got an explanation as to what was going on.	service	negative
the manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly.	service	negative
when we threatened to leave, we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing.	service	negative
on the way out, we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues.	service	negative
can t believe how an expensive nyc restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.	restaurant	negative
can t believe how an expensive nyc restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.	service	negative
what a hassle!	restaurant	negative
the food is very good, but not outstanding.	food	neutral
there is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.	service	negative
there is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.	food	negative
on our last visit, they skipped over our name on the list, leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table.	service	negative
mistakes happen, but they are usually accompanied by an apology, perhaps even a glass of wine...but not the grunt that we received from the al di la staff.	service	negative
expensive	restaurant	negative
the bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.	food	negative
the pasta was well cooked, didn't have enough sauce though or flavor.	food	negative
so rude!!!	service	negative
i was one of the people that went for this horrible experience.	restaurant	negative
the hostess was rude and i got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us.	service	negative
the only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared.	service	negative
i asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like i was insane.	service	negative
i was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said, "can i help you" and "how many are in your party."	service	negative
the three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were.	service	negative
we didn't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately i think that may have been part of the problem.	restaurant	negative
shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service.	service	negative
bad staff	service	negative
i generally like this place.	restaurant	positive
the food is good.	food	positive
the design of the space is good.	ambience	positive
but the service is horrid!	service	negative
i was there for brunch recently, and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter.	service	negative
the waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand.	service	negative
i can't believe that it was, but please put the bag down before delivering food!	service	negative
the waitress came to check in on us every few minutes, and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating (a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere, so i try to ignore it).	service	negative
i couldn't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends, who was in mid bite, to clear the table.	service	negative
she then put the check down without asking if we were done, and came to check on the bill every two minutes, even though we were one of three occupied tables.	service	negative
i wish i could like this place more, and i wish someone would retrain the staff.	restaurant	negative
i wish i could like this place more, and i wish someone would retrain the staff.	service	negative
