i charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life.	cord	neutral
i charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life.	battery life	positive
the tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and i have to direct my concern to the "sales" team, which is the retail shop which i bought my netbook from.	service center	negative
the tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and i have to direct my concern to the "sales" team, which is the retail shop which i bought my netbook from.	"sales" team	negative
the tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and i have to direct my concern to the "sales" team, which is the retail shop which i bought my netbook from.	tech guy	neutral
it is of high quality, has a killer gui, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous.	quality	positive
it is of high quality, has a killer gui, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous.	gui	positive
it is of high quality, has a killer gui, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous.	applications	positive
it is of high quality, has a killer gui, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous.	use	positive
easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops.	start up	positive
i even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, ichat, photobooth, garage band and more!	features	positive
i even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, ichat, photobooth, garage band and more!	ichat	positive
i even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, ichat, photobooth, garage band and more!	photobooth	positive
i even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, ichat, photobooth, garage band and more!	garage band	positive
great laptop that offers many great features!	features	positive
one night i turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day i turn it on, no gui, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.	gui	negative
one night i turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day i turn it on, no gui, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.	screen	negative
one night i turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day i turn it on, no gui, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.	power light	neutral
one night i turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day i turn it on, no gui, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.	hard drive light	negative
i took it back for an asus and same thing- blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset.	battery	neutral
in the shop, these macbooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it, get it home, break the seal and use it (very clever con).	rubber enclosure	positive
in the shop, these macbooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it, get it home, break the seal and use it (very clever con).	edge	negative
however, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).	multi-touch gestures	positive
however, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).	tracking area	positive
however, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).	external mouse	neutral
however, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).	gaming	neutral
i love the way the entire suite of software works together.	suite of software	positive
the speed is incredible and i am more than satisfied.	speed	positive
this laptop meets every expectation and windows 7 is great!	windows 7	positive
i can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly.	usb devices	negative
-no backlit keyboard, but not an issue for me.	keyboard	conflict
when i finally had everything running with all my software installed i plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed.	software	neutral
when i finally had everything running with all my software installed i plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed.	system	negative
one suggestion i do have, is to not bother getting microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a pc.	microsoft office for the mac	negative
pairing it with an iphone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it's a snap.	syncing	positive
i also got the added bonus of a 30" hd monitor, which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh!	30" hd monitor	positive
i also got the added bonus of a 30" hd monitor, which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh!	screen	neutral
the machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely.	boot up	negative
after paying several hundred dollars for this service, it is frustrating that you cannot get help after hours.	service	negative
i did have to replace the battery once, but that was only a couple months ago and it's been working perfect ever since.	battery	conflict
i love the operating system and the preloaded software.	operating system	positive
i love the operating system and the preloaded software.	preloaded software	positive
the best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features.	price	positive
the best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features.	features	positive
after numerous attempts of trying (including setting the clock in bios setup directly), i gave up(i am a techie).	clock in bios setup	negative
you will not be able to talk to an american warranty service is out of country.	warranty service	negative
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand.	brand	negative
i sent it back to toshiba twice they covered it under the warranty.	warranty	positive
i was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the features that i was looking for.	features	positive
also kinda loud when the fan was running.	fan	negative
in desparation, i called their customer service number and was told that my warranty had expired (2 days old) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ("have your credit card ready").	customer service number	neutral
in desparation, i called their customer service number and was told that my warranty had expired (2 days old) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ("have your credit card ready").	warranty	negative
in desparation, i called their customer service number and was told that my warranty had expired (2 days old) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ("have your credit card ready").	talking to a technician	negative
there also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files.	hard disc	negative
there also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files.	windows	negative
there also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files.	drivers	neutral
drivers updated ok but the bios update froze the system up and the computer shut down.	drivers	positive
drivers updated ok but the bios update froze the system up and the computer shut down.	bios update	negative
drivers updated ok but the bios update froze the system up and the computer shut down.	system	negative
spent 2 hours on phone with hp technical support.	hp technical support	neutral
speaking of the browser, it too has problems.	browser	negative
the keyboard is too slick.	keyboard	negative
nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan.	virus scan	neutral
it's like 9 punds, but if you can look past it, it's great!	9 punds	negative
it's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open.	program	neutral
still under warrenty so called toshiba, no help at all.	warrenty	negative
i was happy with my purchase of a toshiba satellite l305d-s5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the toshiba warranty.	toshiba warranty	negative
amazing quality!	quality	positive
the fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine.	webcam	neutral
the fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine.	value	positive
i mainly use it for email, internet, and managing personal files (pics, vids, etc.).	internet	neutral
i mainly use it for email, internet, and managing personal files (pics, vids, etc.).	managing personal files	neutral
a month or so ago, the freaking motherboard just died.	motherboard	negative
the system it comes with does not work properly, so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all.	system	negative
then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so i was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.	charger	negative
then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so i was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.	hardware	negative
if a website ever freezes (which is rare), its really easy to force quit.	force quit	positive
it rarely works and when it does it's incredibly slow.	works	negative
i also enjoy the fact that my macbook pro laptop allows me to run windows 7 on it by using the vmware program.	windows 7	positive
i also enjoy the fact that my macbook pro laptop allows me to run windows 7 on it by using the vmware program.	vmware program	neutral
it's so much easier to navigate through the operating system, to find files, and it runs a lot faster!	operating system	positive
it's so much easier to navigate through the operating system, to find files, and it runs a lot faster!	runs	positive
it's so much easier to navigate through the operating system, to find files, and it runs a lot faster!	navigate	positive
it's so much easier to navigate through the operating system, to find files, and it runs a lot faster!	find files	positive
purchased a toshiba lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out.	warrenty	negative
i wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused, because they knew it was trouble.	extended warranty	neutral
we upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed.	memory	neutral
we upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed.	speed	positive
we upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed.	performace	positive
the reality was, it heated up very quickly, and took way too long to do simple things, like opening my documents folder.	opening my documents folder	negative
i had always used pcs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive.	operating systems	negative
then, within 5 months, the charger crapped out on me.	charger	negative
and if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high speed.	speed	positive
i love the glass touchpad.	glass touchpad	positive
i continued to take the computer in again and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again.	hard drive	negative
i continued to take the computer in again and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again.	mother board	negative
i am using the external speaker- sound is good.	external speaker	positive
i am using the external speaker- sound is good.	sound	positive
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better, but am very happy with the upgrade.	battery life	negative
then hp sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up, not able to connect.	hardware	negative
oh yeah, don't forget the expensive shipping to and from hp.	shipping	negative
everything is so easy to use, mac software is just so much simpler than microsoft software.	mac software	positive
everything is so easy to use, mac software is just so much simpler than microsoft software.	microsoft software	negative
everything is so easy to use, mac software is just so much simpler than microsoft software.	use	positive
and if you do a lot of writing, editing is a problem since there is no forward delete key.	delete key	negative
and if you do a lot of writing, editing is a problem since there is no forward delete key.	editing	negative
its ease of use and the top service from apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.	use	positive
its ease of use and the top service from apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.	service	positive
its ease of use and the top service from apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.	phone assistance	positive
its ease of use and the top service from apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.	genius bar	positive
it has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.	battery life	positive
it has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.	battery life	positive
it has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.	gaming	neutral
it has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.	movie playing	neutral
it has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.	web browsing	neutral
it has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.	word editing	neutral
acer has set me up with free recovery discs, when they are available since i asked.	recovery discs	positive
i also purchased office max's "max assurance" with the "no lemon" clause.	office max's "max assurance"	neutral
i eventually did the migration from my imac backup disc which uses usb.	imac backup disc	neutral
i eventually did the migration from my imac backup disc which uses usb.	usb	neutral
the battery life seems to be very good, and have had no issues with it.	battery life	positive
enabling the battery timer is useless.	battery timer	negative
temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in core processing unit temperatures.	temperatures	neutral
temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in core processing unit temperatures.	core processing unit temperatures	neutral
going to bring it to service today.	service	neutral
there is no need to purchase virus protection for mac, which saves me a lot of time and money.	virus protection for mac	positive
but we had paid for bluetooth, and there was none.	bluetooth	negative
so, i paid a visit to lg notebook service center at alexandra road, hoping they can make the hinge tighter.	lg notebook service center	neutral
so, i paid a visit to lg notebook service center at alexandra road, hoping they can make the hinge tighter.	hinge	negative
my daughter uses it for games, email, facebook, pictures and music.	games	neutral
it is always reliable, never bugged and responds well.	responds	positive
after about a week i finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard.	motherboard	negative
after about a week i finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard.	motherboard	neutral
it was slow, locked up, and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months!	hardware	negative
they had to replace the motherboard in april	motherboard	negative
yes, the computer was light weight, less expensive than the average laptop, and was pretty self explantory in use.	use	positive
also, if you need to talk to a representive at microsoft, there is a charge, which i believe is robbery, since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system, which most people would have went with xp if they could.	representive at microsoft	negative
also, if you need to talk to a representive at microsoft, there is a charge, which i believe is robbery, since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system, which most people would have went with xp if they could.	system	negative
also, if you need to talk to a representive at microsoft, there is a charge, which i believe is robbery, since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system, which most people would have went with xp if they could.	xp	positive
i love windows 7 which is a vast improvment over vista.	windows 7	positive
i love windows 7 which is a vast improvment over vista.	vista	negative
keyboard is great, very quiet for all the typing that i do.	keyboard	positive
dell's customer disservice is an insult to it's customers who pay good money for shoddy products.	dell's customer disservice	negative
it had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use, and would not move past this error.	cooling system	negative
it had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use, and would not move past this error.	use	neutral
i can render avchd movies with little effort, which was a problem for most pc's unless you had a quad core i7.	quad core i7	positive
after talking it over with the very knowledgeable sales associate, i chose the macbook pro over the white macbook.	sales associate	positive
if you really want a bang-up system and don't need to run windows applications, go with an apple	system	positive
if you really want a bang-up system and don't need to run windows applications, go with an apple	windows applications	neutral
you won't have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient virus program that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet.	virus program	negative
it weighed like seven pounds or something like that.	weighed	neutral
it weighed like seven pounds or something like that.	seven pounds	neutral
2 months later, the battery went.	battery	negative
you may need to special order a bag.	bag	neutral
it's color is even cool.	color	positive
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed.	keys	negative
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed.	designed	negative
yes, a mac is much more money than the average laptop out there, but there is no comparison in style, speed and just cool factor.	style	positive
yes, a mac is much more money than the average laptop out there, but there is no comparison in style, speed and just cool factor.	speed	positive
the keyboard feels good and i type just fine on it.	keyboard	positive
i thought the white mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing.	mousepad	neutral
and not to mention after using it for a few months or so, the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you can't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying.	battery	negative
best buy - 5 stars + + + (sales, service, respect for old men who aren't familiar with the technology) dell computers - 3 stars dell support - owes a me a couple	sales	positive
best buy - 5 stars + + + (sales, service, respect for old men who aren't familiar with the technology) dell computers - 3 stars dell support - owes a me a couple	service	positive
best buy - 5 stars + + + (sales, service, respect for old men who aren't familiar with the technology) dell computers - 3 stars dell support - owes a me a couple	dell support	positive
no complaints with their desktop, and maybe because it just sits on your desktop, and you don't carry it around, which could jar the hard drive, or the motherboard.	hard drive	neutral
no complaints with their desktop, and maybe because it just sits on your desktop, and you don't carry it around, which could jar the hard drive, or the motherboard.	motherboard	neutral
yes, they cost more, but they more than make up for it in speed, construction quality, and longevity.	speed	positive
yes, they cost more, but they more than make up for it in speed, construction quality, and longevity.	construction quality	positive
yes, they cost more, but they more than make up for it in speed, construction quality, and longevity.	longevity	positive
yes, they cost more, but they more than make up for it in speed, construction quality, and longevity.	cost	conflict
since i keyboard over 100 wpm, i look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard (no keys sticking or lagging, strange configuration of "extra key", etc.	keyboard	positive
since i keyboard over 100 wpm, i look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard (no keys sticking or lagging, strange configuration of "extra key", etc.	keys	positive
since i keyboard over 100 wpm, i look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard (no keys sticking or lagging, strange configuration of "extra key", etc.	configuration of "extra key"	positive
) i also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store.	touch pad	neutral
it absolutely is more expensive than most pc laptops, but the ease of use, security, and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag.	use	positive
it absolutely is more expensive than most pc laptops, but the ease of use, security, and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag.	security	positive
it absolutely is more expensive than most pc laptops, but the ease of use, security, and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag.	pricetag	conflict
it gets stuck all of the time you use it, and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work.	use	negative
it gets stuck all of the time you use it, and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work.	work	negative
lots of preloaded software.	preloaded software	positive
i wish it had a webcam though, then it would be perfect!	webcam	negative
my favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so i can connect it to a bigger screen.	vga port	positive
my favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so i can connect it to a bigger screen.	screen	neutral
another thing i might add is the battery life is excellent.	battery life	positive
one drawback, i wish the keys were backlit.	keys	negative
acer was no help and garmin could not determine the problem(after spending about 2 hours with me), so i returned it and purchased a toshiba r700 that seems even nicer and i was able to load all of my software with no problem.	software	positive
i wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month.	volume	negative
i wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month.	mouse	negative
i play a lot of casual games online, and the touchpad is very responsive.	touchpad	positive
granted, it's still a very new laptop but in comparison to my previous laptops and desktops, my mac boots up noticeably quicker.	boots up	positive
it caught a virus that completely wiped out my hard drive in a matter of hours.	hard drive	negative
it is everything i'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint, but somehow a bit more sturdy.	look and feel standpoint	positive
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it.	safari	negative
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it.	safari	negative
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it.	mozzilla firfox	positive
the bluetooth was not there at all, and the fingerprint reader driver would be there, but the software would hang after installation was 1 2 way done.	bluetooth	negative
the bluetooth was not there at all, and the fingerprint reader driver would be there, but the software would hang after installation was 1 2 way done.	fingerprint reader driver	negative
the bluetooth was not there at all, and the fingerprint reader driver would be there, but the software would hang after installation was 1 2 way done.	software	negative
great battery, speed, display.	battery	positive
great battery, speed, display.	speed	positive
great battery, speed, display.	display	positive
the delivery was fast, and i would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again.	delivery	positive
i've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory.	battery life	positive
i've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory.	performance	positive
i've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory.	memory	negative
it's applications are terrific, including the replacements for microsoft office.	applications	positive
it's applications are terrific, including the replacements for microsoft office.	microsoft office	positive
they improved nothing else such as resolution, appearance, cooling system, graphics card, etc.	resolution	negative
they improved nothing else such as resolution, appearance, cooling system, graphics card, etc.	appearance	negative
they improved nothing else such as resolution, appearance, cooling system, graphics card, etc.	cooling system	negative
they improved nothing else such as resolution, appearance, cooling system, graphics card, etc.	graphics card	negative
i got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime i touched the lid, (mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed) but i suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out.	built-in webcam	negative
i got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime i touched the lid, (mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed) but i suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out.	built-in mic	negative
i got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime i touched the lid, (mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed) but i suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out.	cam	negative
i got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime i touched the lid, (mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed) but i suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out.	mic	negative
is this partially due to the fact that it is running windows vista?	windows vista	neutral
the board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues.	board	negative
the board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues.	connector	negative
the board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues.	power supply	negative
the board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues.	warrenty	negative
the board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues.	power supply	negative
my dad has one of the very first toshibas ever made, yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet!	ethernet	positive
my dad has one of the very first toshibas ever made, yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet!	works	positive
mostly i love the drag and drop feature.	drag and drop feature	positive
oh yeah, and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed?	webcam	negative
i ordered through macmall, which saved me the sales tax i would have incurred buying locally.	sales tax	positive
of course, i also have several great software packages that came for free including iwork, garageband, and imovie.	software packages	positive
of course, i also have several great software packages that came for free including iwork, garageband, and imovie.	iwork	positive
of course, i also have several great software packages that came for free including iwork, garageband, and imovie.	garageband	positive
of course, i also have several great software packages that came for free including iwork, garageband, and imovie.	imovie	positive
the screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution.	screen	positive
the screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution.	colors	positive
the screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution.	resolution	positive
after a little more than a year of owning my macbook pro, the monitor has completely died.	monitor	negative
the brand of itunes has just become ingrained in our lexicon now, but keep in mind that apple started it all.	itunes	positive
size i know 13 is small (especially for a desktop replacement) but with an external monitor, who cares.	size	negative
size i know 13 is small (especially for a desktop replacement) but with an external monitor, who cares.	external monitor	neutral
additional caveat the base installation comes with some toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user's liking.	base installation	negative
additional caveat the base installation comes with some toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user's liking.	software	negative
taking it back to best buy i found that a tiny plastic piece inside had broken (manuf issue).	manuf	negative
it has no camera but, i can always buy and install one easy.	camera	conflict
the display is incredibly bright, much brighter than my powerbook and very crisp.	display	positive
the amd turin processor seems to always perform so much better than intel.	amd turin processor	positive
the amd turin processor seems to always perform so much better than intel.	intel	negative
after that the said it was under warranty.	warranty	neutral
the start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking.	start menu	negative
the start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking.	navigate	negative
only thing i would want to add to this is an internal bluray read write drive.	bluray read write drive	negative
the service tech said he had tried to duplicate the damage and wasn't able to recreate it therefore it had to be their defect.	service tech	negative
the tech store i purchased this from sent it back,,,,,eventually i got a new or repaired machine approximately 3 weeks later.	tech store	negative
really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints.	surface	positive
the screen is bright and the keyboard is nice	screen	positive
the screen is bright and the keyboard is nice	keyboard	positive
but the machine is awesome and ilife is great and i love snow leopard x.	ilife	positive
but the machine is awesome and ilife is great and i love snow leopard x.	snow leopard x	positive
high price tag, however.	price tag	negative
i thought learning the mac os would be hard, but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a pc.	mac os	positive
i had static in the output, and i had to reduce the sound output quality to "fm" as opposed to the default "cd.	sound output quality	negative
i custom ordered the machine from hp and could not understand the techie due to his accent.	techie	negative
it is easy to use and lightweight.	use	positive
i went to toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it.	toshiba online help	positive
they also have a longer service life than other computers (i have several friends who still use the older apple powerbooks).	service life	positive
if you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core amd or intel processor.	ports	neutral
if you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core amd or intel processor.	processor	neutral
this laptop is a great price and has a sleek look.	price	positive
this laptop is a great price and has a sleek look.	look	positive
i especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys.	keyboard	positive
i especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys.	keys	positive
small screen somewhat limiting but great for travel.	screen	conflict
runs hot i thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an apple product.	quality	negative
for the not so good, i got the stock screen - which is very glossy.	stock screen	negative
the gray color was a good choice.	gray color	positive
i would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front.	volume buttons	negative
the processor a amd semprom at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for hd or heavy computing.	processor	negative
the processor a amd semprom at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for hd or heavy computing.	computing	negative
i bought a protector for my key pad and it works great )	protector	neutral
i bought a protector for my key pad and it works great )	key pad	positive
the magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great (i even put it to the test by accident)- excellent innovation!	magnetic plug-in power charging power cord	positive
it seems they could have updated xp and done without creating vista.	xp	positive
it seems they could have updated xp and done without creating vista.	vista	negative
it is easy to use, fast and has great graphics for the money.	graphics	positive
it is easy to use, fast and has great graphics for the money.	use	positive
i like how the mac os is so simple and easy to use.	mac os	positive
i like how the mac os is so simple and easy to use.	use	positive
while apple's saving grace is the fact that they at least stand behind their products, and their support is great, it would be nice if their products were more reliable to justify the premium.	support	positive
i was ready to take it back for a refund, but the geek squad camed through and pointed me in the right direction to get it fixed.	geek squad	positive
only good thing is the graphics quality.	graphics quality	positive
the other lock-up problems are from a myriad of causes, the most common being a corrupted version of appleworks which can render the browser useless.	appleworks	negative
the other lock-up problems are from a myriad of causes, the most common being a corrupted version of appleworks which can render the browser useless.	browser	negative
the paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual.	paint	negative
the paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual.	keyboard	negative
i had purchased it from a major electronics store and took it to their service department to find out what the problem was.	service department	neutral
the store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they don't even recommend the hp brand because of the problems with their warrentys.	warrenty	positive
the store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they don't even recommend the hp brand because of the problems with their warrentys.	warrentys	negative
i always use a backup hard disk to store important files at all times.	hard disk	neutral
they sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer, they paid postage and whatnot, but when i got my computer back it still wasn't running right, and now my cd drive wasn't reading anything!	cd drive	negative
they sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer, they paid postage and whatnot, but when i got my computer back it still wasn't running right, and now my cd drive wasn't reading anything!	running	negative
but the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing.	screen size	positive
but the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing.	web browsing	neutral
once i removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds.	software	negative
once i removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds.	loads	neutral
on my powerbook g4 i would never use the trackpad i would use an external mouse because i didn't like the trackpad.	trackpad	negative
on my powerbook g4 i would never use the trackpad i would use an external mouse because i didn't like the trackpad.	external mouse	neutral
on my powerbook g4 i would never use the trackpad i would use an external mouse because i didn't like the trackpad.	trackpad	negative
this computer doesn't do that well with certain games it can't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games.	games	negative
obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the "human interface.	features	neutral
obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the "human interface.	human interface	neutral
yeah, of course smarty pants "fix it now")software - compared to the early 2011 edition i did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to apple (which i promptly did).	inbuilt applications	negative
yeah, of course smarty pants "fix it now")software - compared to the early 2011 edition i did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to apple (which i promptly did).	software	negative
the body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up.	body	negative
the i5 blows my desktop out of the water when it comes to rendering videos.	i5	negative
with a mac you don't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall, it's so wonderful.	antivirus software	neutral
with a mac you don't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall, it's so wonderful.	firewall	neutral
am very glad i bought it, great netbook, low price.	price	positive
the apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you )	apple team	positive
i think part of the problem with this computer is vista, yet i know vista isn't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my acer and it also has vista (i should have waited the few months to get the next operating system).	vista	negative
i think part of the problem with this computer is vista, yet i know vista isn't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my acer and it also has vista (i should have waited the few months to get the next operating system).	vista	negative
i think part of the problem with this computer is vista, yet i know vista isn't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my acer and it also has vista (i should have waited the few months to get the next operating system).	operating system	neutral
i think part of the problem with this computer is vista, yet i know vista isn't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my acer and it also has vista (i should have waited the few months to get the next operating system).	vista	negative
the video chat is the only thing that is iffy about it but im sure once they unpdate the next version on the macbook book the quality of it will be better.	video chat	negative
the video chat is the only thing that is iffy about it but im sure once they unpdate the next version on the macbook book the quality of it will be better.	quality	conflict
that whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable mouse which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $175 and it was fixed.	mouse	positive
fan vents to the side, so no cooling pad needed, great feature!	fan	positive
fan vents to the side, so no cooling pad needed, great feature!	cooling pad	neutral
fan vents to the side, so no cooling pad needed, great feature!	feature	positive
i use my mac all the time, i love the software, the way it takes a short time to load things, how easy it is to use and most of all how you don't have to worry about viruses.	software	positive
wasted me at least 8 hours of installation time.	installation time	negative
it has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.	power	positive
it has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.	storage	positive
it has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.	abilitiy	positive
a great feature is the spotlight search one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword, rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document.	spotlight search	positive
a great feature is the spotlight search one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword, rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document.	feature	positive
my wireless system would not recognize windows 7 and i couldn't get online to find out why.	wireless system	negative
my wireless system would not recognize windows 7 and i couldn't get online to find out why.	windows 7	neutral
i am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great!	quality	positive
suffice it to say, my macbook pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed.	battery life	positive
suffice it to say, my macbook pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed.	speed	positive
the os is also very user friendly, even for those that switch from a pc, with a little practice you can take full advantage of this os!	os	positive
the os is also very user friendly, even for those that switch from a pc, with a little practice you can take full advantage of this os!	os	positive
itunes is a handy music-management program, and it is essential for anyone with an ipod.	itunes	positive
itunes is a handy music-management program, and it is essential for anyone with an ipod.	program	positive
mac is not made for gaming.	gaming	negative
well i spilled something on it and they replaced it with this model, which gets hot and the battery doesn't make it through 1 dvd.	battery	negative
i've had to call apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful, english speaking (from vancouver) techs that walked me through the processes to help me.	apple support	positive
i've had to call apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful, english speaking (from vancouver) techs that walked me through the processes to help me.	techs	positive
but sony said we could send it back and be charged for adding the bluetooth an additional seventy something dollars.	adding the bluetooth	negative
i need graphic power to run my adobe creative apps efficiently.	graphic power	neutral
i need graphic power to run my adobe creative apps efficiently.	adobe creative apps	neutral
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm.	programs	positive
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm.	use	positive
the materials that came with the computer did not include the right anywhere.	materials	negative
it does not even have the software to play a dvd now.	software	negative
tech support tells me the latter problem is a power supply problem and have offered to fix it if it happens again.	tech support	positive
tech support tells me the latter problem is a power supply problem and have offered to fix it if it happens again.	power supply	negative
how does the power supply not work!!!	power supply	negative
sells for the same as a netbook without sacrificing size.	size	positive
upon giving them the serial number the first thing i was told, was that it was out of warranty and i could pay to have it repaired.	warranty	neutral
windows xp sp2 caused many problems on the computer, so i had to remove it.	windows xp sp2	negative
i reloaded with windows 7 ultimate, and the bluetooth and fingerprint reader (software) would not load.	windows 7 ultimate	negative
i reloaded with windows 7 ultimate, and the bluetooth and fingerprint reader (software) would not load.	bluetooth	negative
i reloaded with windows 7 ultimate, and the bluetooth and fingerprint reader (software) would not load.	fingerprint reader	negative
i reloaded with windows 7 ultimate, and the bluetooth and fingerprint reader (software) would not load.	software	negative
none of the techs at hp knew what they were doing.	techs at hp	negative
this is my second one and the same problem, bad video card unreliable overall, this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy.	video card	negative
with awesome graphics and assuring security, it's perfect!	graphics	positive
with awesome graphics and assuring security, it's perfect!	security	positive
laptop was in new condition and operational, but for the audio problem when 1st sent for repair.	audio	negative
i was disappointed when i realized that the keyboard doesn't light up on this model.	keyboard	negative
it runs perfectly.	runs	positive
the laptop was very easy to set up.	set up	positive
sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer.	screen	negative
i recommend for word processing and internet users.	word processing	positive
i recommend for word processing and internet users.	internet	positive
since i've had this computer i've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth.	trackpad	positive
a longer battery life would have been great - but it meets it's spec quite easily.	battery life	conflict
a longer battery life would have been great - but it meets it's spec quite easily.	spec	positive
who couldn't love a dvd burner, 80-gigabyte hd, and fairly new graphics chip? as i soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured sony and toshiba machines cost more they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.	hd	positive
who couldn't love a dvd burner, 80-gigabyte hd, and fairly new graphics chip? as i soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured sony and toshiba machines cost more they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.	graphics chip	positive
who couldn't love a dvd burner, 80-gigabyte hd, and fairly new graphics chip? as i soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured sony and toshiba machines cost more they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.	components	positive
who couldn't love a dvd burner, 80-gigabyte hd, and fairly new graphics chip? as i soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured sony and toshiba machines cost more they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.	dvd burner	positive
its fast and another thing i like is that it has three usb ports.	usb ports	positive
the salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it.	software	negative
that system is fixed.	system	neutral
the computer itself was fast, ran smoothly, and had no problems.	ran	positive
like the price and operation.	price	positive
like the price and operation.	operation	positive
the brand is tarnished in my heart.	brand	negative
this is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components, and i'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator, but i still expected better product quality for this price range.	components	negative
this is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components, and i'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator, but i still expected better product quality for this price range.	ground loop isolator	neutral
this is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components, and i'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator, but i still expected better product quality for this price range.	price range	negative
this is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components, and i'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator, but i still expected better product quality for this price range.	quality	negative
i 'have had it for about a 1 1 2 and yes i have had an issue with it one month out of warranty.	warranty	neutral
once open, the leading edge is razor sharp.	leading edge	negative
loaded with bloatware.	bloatware	neutral
maximum sound isn't nearly as loud as it should be.	maximum sound	negative
i loaded windows 7 via bootcamp and it works flawlessly!	windows 7	positive
i loaded windows 7 via bootcamp and it works flawlessly!	bootcamp	positive
great laptop for the price, works well with action pack games.	price	positive
great laptop for the price, works well with action pack games.	action pack games	neutral
great laptop for the price, works well with action pack games.	works	positive
although the price is higher then dell laptops, the macbooks are worth the dough.	price	negative
i would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a desktop it does not meet the expectations.	performance	negative
the macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.	twin packing	positive
the macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.	functions	positive
so what if the laptops mobile phones look chic and cool? the after sales support is terrible.	after sales support	negative
so what if the laptops mobile phones look chic and cool? the after sales support is terrible.	look	positive
i hate the display screen and i have done everything i could do the change it.	display screen	negative
i also like the acer arcade but these were reallythe only two things i liked about this laptop.	acer arcade	positive
have not yet needed any customer support with this yet so to me that is a great thing, which is leaps and bounds ahead of pc in my opinion.	customer support	positive
i gave it to my daughter because i just hated the screen, hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd's when i wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork.	screen	negative
i gave it to my daughter because i just hated the screen, hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd's when i wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork.	cd drive	negative
it runs very quiet too which is a plus.	runs	positive
but it has a major design flaw.	design	negative
it was heavy,bulky, and hard to carry because of the size.	size	negative
the games included are very good games.	games	neutral
the games included are very good games.	games	positive
this computer will last you at least 7 years, thats an amazing life spanned an electronic.	life	positive
i had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty.	warranty	negative
sometimes you really have to tap the pad to get it to worki	pad	negative
it's super fast and a great value for the price!	value	positive
it's super fast and a great value for the price!	price	positive
three, the mac book has advantages over pcs' with linux based os there is very 'few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac.	system performance	negative
three, the mac book has advantages over pcs' with linux based os there is very 'few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac.	linux based os	negative
a mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense.	use	positive
however, i may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton.	batteries	neutral
however, i may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton.	shipping carton	neutral
it is so much easier to use	use	positive
there is no need to open a program first and the cliick open or import.	program	positive
it is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on pc's.	virus protection	positive
three weeks after i bought the netbook, the screen quit working.	screen	negative
the processor screams, and because of the unique way that apple osx 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.	processor	positive
the processor screams, and because of the unique way that apple osx 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.	osx 16	positive
the processor screams, and because of the unique way that apple osx 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.	graphics	positive
the processor screams, and because of the unique way that apple osx 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.	hardware	neutral
the processor screams, and because of the unique way that apple osx 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.	software	neutral
i wanted something that had a new intel core processors and hdmi port so that we could hook it up directly to our tv.	intel core processors	neutral
i wanted something that had a new intel core processors and hdmi port so that we could hook it up directly to our tv.	hdmi port	neutral
the apple will run internet explorer, but at an amazingly slow rate.	internet explorer	conflict
with today's company fighting over marketshare, its a shame that asus can get away with the inept staff answering thephone.	staff	negative
the price premium is a little much, but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash.	price premium	negative
the price premium is a little much, but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash.	features	positive
i can't say enough of how satisfied i am with their product and help aftermarket.	product and help aftermarket	positive
microsoft word was not on it andi had to buy it seperately.	microsoft word	negative
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.	usb ports	neutral
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.	sd memory card reader	neutral
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.	sd memory car expansion	neutral
i connect a lacie 2big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for time machine.	lacie 2big external drive	neutral
i connect a lacie 2big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for time machine.	firewire 800 interface	positive
i connect a lacie 2big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for time machine.	time machine	neutral
my toshiba did not have sound on everything, just certain things.	sound	negative
i am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite, i like the extra features, i love the windows 7 home premium.	extra features	positive
i am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite, i like the extra features, i love the windows 7 home premium.	windows 7 home premium	positive
the aspire wont even boot past the acer screen with a droid (i have tried both motorola and htc) plugged into the usb port.	acer screen	negative
the aspire wont even boot past the acer screen with a droid (i have tried both motorola and htc) plugged into the usb port.	usb port	negative
the aspire wont even boot past the acer screen with a droid (i have tried both motorola and htc) plugged into the usb port.	boot	negative
the battery life was shorter than expected.	battery life	negative
it fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and i have never had any issues with it freezing.	fires up	positive
the keyboard is top notch.	keyboard	positive
it drives me crazy when i want to download a game or something of that nature and i can't play it because its not compatable with the software.	software	negative
the online tutorial videos make it super easy to learn if you have always used a pc.	online tutorial videos	positive
the image is great, and the soud is excelent.	image	positive
the image is great, and the soud is excelent.	soud	positive
with a mac computer i have more free time as i don't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows.	windows	negative
with a mac computer i have more free time as i don't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows.	boot up	negative
with a mac computer i have more free time as i don't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows.	shut down	negative
with a mac computer i have more free time as i don't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows.	windows	negative
it was very easy to just pick up and use-- it did not take long to get used to the mac os.	mac os	positive
it was very easy to just pick up and use-- it did not take long to get used to the mac os.	use	positive
it is well worth the money it cost, very good investment.	cost	positive
upgrading from windows 7 starter, thru windows 7 home premium, to windows 7 professional was a snap	windows 7 starter	neutral
upgrading from windows 7 starter, thru windows 7 home premium, to windows 7 professional was a snap	windows 7 home premium	neutral
upgrading from windows 7 starter, thru windows 7 home premium, to windows 7 professional was a snap	windows 7 professional	neutral
this computer had exactly the specifications i needed.	specifications	positive
my kids (and dogs) destroyed two power cords by pulling on them.	power cords	neutral
i had upgraded my old macbook to lion, so i kind of knew what i was getting, but hadn't been able to enjoy some of the awesome new multi-touch features.	multi-touch features	positive
the screen is a little glary, and i hated the clicking buttons, but i got used to them.	screen	negative
the screen is a little glary, and i hated the clicking buttons, but i got used to them.	clicking buttons	negative
not to mention, the battery life is absolutely amazing.	battery life	positive
windows also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning.	windows	negative
not using wired lan not sure what thats about.	wired lan	neutral
the macbook rarely requires a hard reboot.	hard reboot	conflict
now for the hardware problems.	hardware	negative
anyways i bought this two months ago and when i first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporaly in save zone.	hard drive	negative
it's fast and has excellent battery life.	battery life	positive
apple care included.	apple care	neutral
features like the font are very block-like and old school.	font	negative
features like the font are very block-like and old school.	features	negative
it is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user, that makes it run way to slow.	programs	negative
it is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user, that makes it run way to slow.	run	negative
i feel that it was poorly put together, because once in a while different plastic pieces would come off of it.	plastic pieces	negative
finally, i should note that i took the 2gb ram stick from my old eeepc and installed it before i even powered on for the first time.	2gb ram stick	neutral
windows is also rather unsteady on its feet and is susceptible to many bugs.	windows	negative
after sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish, i broke down and spent another $100 to get microsoft word for mac.	microsoft word for mac	neutral
do not buy gateway computers they are junk and the warranty company is horrible.	warranty company	negative
then on top of it all their cusromer service center is in the middle east.	cusromer service center	negative
the only bad part is the size weight.	size	negative
the only bad part is the size weight.	weight	negative
the little battery that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop.	battery	negative
i liked the aluminum body.	aluminum body	positive
its good for playing my apps on facebook or watching movies.	watching movies	positive
its good for playing my apps on facebook or watching movies.	playing	positive
from the build quality to the performance, everything about it has been sub-par from what i would have expected from apple.	build quality	negative
from the build quality to the performance, everything about it has been sub-par from what i would have expected from apple.	performance	negative
i love the dock where i can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program, and the program will simply open that file.	dock	positive
i love the dock where i can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program, and the program will simply open that file.	program	neutral
i love the dock where i can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program, and the program will simply open that file.	program	positive
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were.	working	negative
it was truly a great computer costing less than one thousand bucks before tax.	costing	positive
waiting for the i7 was well worth it, great value for the price.	price	positive
waiting for the i7 was well worth it, great value for the price.	i7	positive
now,,,,,my monitor has been acting up for about 2 months.	monitor	negative
also, the extended warranty was a problem.	extended warranty	negative
boots up fast and runs great!	boots up	positive
boots up fast and runs great!	runs	positive
lightweight and the screen is beautiful!	screen	positive
i needed a driver for my hp and they would not help me with out me paying over $50 for it.	driver	neutral
call tech support, standard email the form and fax it back in to us.	tech support	neutral
they sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still didn't work.	work	negative
a coupla months later, they change my hard drive.	hard drive	negative
the macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.	twin packing	positive
the macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.	functions	positive
they say sorry out of warranty.	warranty	negative
i bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio.	performance	positive
i bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio.	price	positive
pc never worked right even after bios fixed.	bios	negative
after having two pc laptops die with in the past 3 years, i was led to the apple display at best buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues.	design	positive
after having two pc laptops die with in the past 3 years, i was led to the apple display at best buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues.	tech issues	positive
the size is perfect and i do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you.	size	positive
the size is perfect and i do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you.	space	negative
the service i received from toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty.	service	positive
have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed, etc.	memory	negative
have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed, etc.	speed	negative
have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed, etc.	priced	negative
i would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about.	internet speed	positive
there are several programs for school or office use (pages, numbers, keynote, etc.), music (garageband), photo management (photo booth, iphoto), video-editing or movie-making (imovie), etc.	programs	neutral
there are several programs for school or office use (pages, numbers, keynote, etc.), music (garageband), photo management (photo booth, iphoto), video-editing or movie-making (imovie), etc.	garageband	neutral
there are several programs for school or office use (pages, numbers, keynote, etc.), music (garageband), photo management (photo booth, iphoto), video-editing or movie-making (imovie), etc.	photo booth	neutral
there are several programs for school or office use (pages, numbers, keynote, etc.), music (garageband), photo management (photo booth, iphoto), video-editing or movie-making (imovie), etc.	iphoto	neutral
there are several programs for school or office use (pages, numbers, keynote, etc.), music (garageband), photo management (photo booth, iphoto), video-editing or movie-making (imovie), etc.	imovie	neutral
there are several programs for school or office use (pages, numbers, keynote, etc.), music (garageband), photo management (photo booth, iphoto), video-editing or movie-making (imovie), etc.	video-editing	neutral
there are several programs for school or office use (pages, numbers, keynote, etc.), music (garageband), photo management (photo booth, iphoto), video-editing or movie-making (imovie), etc.	movie-making	neutral
there are several programs for school or office use (pages, numbers, keynote, etc.), music (garageband), photo management (photo booth, iphoto), video-editing or movie-making (imovie), etc.	photo management	neutral
there are several programs for school or office use (pages, numbers, keynote, etc.), music (garageband), photo management (photo booth, iphoto), video-editing or movie-making (imovie), etc.	music	neutral
there are several programs for school or office use (pages, numbers, keynote, etc.), music (garageband), photo management (photo booth, iphoto), video-editing or movie-making (imovie), etc.	pages	neutral
there are several programs for school or office use (pages, numbers, keynote, etc.), music (garageband), photo management (photo booth, iphoto), video-editing or movie-making (imovie), etc.	numbers	neutral
there are several programs for school or office use (pages, numbers, keynote, etc.), music (garageband), photo management (photo booth, iphoto), video-editing or movie-making (imovie), etc.	keynote	neutral
there are several programs for school or office use (pages, numbers, keynote, etc.), music (garageband), photo management (photo booth, iphoto), video-editing or movie-making (imovie), etc.	school or office use	neutral
the screen shows great colors.	screen	positive
the screen shows great colors.	colors	positive
reason why? it's because when you buy it, you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop, the price will stay the same for the next year, and even if apple does decides to change mode, your laptop value will only drop 10-20%, unlike pc laptops which drop more than 80%.	value	positive
reason why? it's because when you buy it, you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop, the price will stay the same for the next year, and even if apple does decides to change mode, your laptop value will only drop 10-20%, unlike pc laptops which drop more than 80%.	price	positive
reason why? it's because when you buy it, you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop, the price will stay the same for the next year, and even if apple does decides to change mode, your laptop value will only drop 10-20%, unlike pc laptops which drop more than 80%.	value	positive
i have no idea how to burn cd's or to use the web cam, just for starters.	web cam	neutral
i have no idea how to burn cd's or to use the web cam, just for starters.	burn cd's	neutral
the 17 inch screen is very large, but the computer is very light.	17 inch screen	negative
my opinion of sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market, given their horrible support, but this machine just caused another plunge.	support	negative
for the bluetooth to work properly, you must install the launch manager on the drivers applications dvd, or it will not show after the reload.	bluetooth	neutral
for the bluetooth to work properly, you must install the launch manager on the drivers applications dvd, or it will not show after the reload.	drivers applications dvd	neutral
for the bluetooth to work properly, you must install the launch manager on the drivers applications dvd, or it will not show after the reload.	launch manager	neutral
i also liked the glass screen.	glass screen	positive
the switchable graphic card is pretty sweet when you want gaming on the laptop.	switchable graphic card	positive
the switchable graphic card is pretty sweet when you want gaming on the laptop.	gaming	neutral
it's not a wear-and-tear issue, not due to user carelessness and most importantly, they can't guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for service and i have to accept the outcome.	service	negative
the battery life has not decreased since i bought it, so i'm thrilled with that.	battery life	positive
when i called toshiba, they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $35 for the phone call, even though they didn't offer any technical support.	technical support	negative
i bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months if it is overload with updates the boot mgr.	boot mgr	neutral
oh and if thats not bad enough it doesn't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $25 for two cds.	recovery cd	negative
the price and features more than met my needs.	price	positive
the price and features more than met my needs.	features	positive
skype is just so dang cool with this machine too.	skype	positive
the mouse buttons are hard to push.	mouse buttons	negative
also, hdd secures inside using rails, and there is only one set on the main hard drive.	hdd	positive
also, hdd secures inside using rails, and there is only one set on the main hard drive.	rails	neutral
also, hdd secures inside using rails, and there is only one set on the main hard drive.	hard drive	neutral
all i will say now is that it was over two grand less expensive and so much better quality than my hunk of crap vaio.	quality	positive
(beware, their staff could send you back making you feel that only they know what a computer is.	staff	negative
games being the main issue.	games	negative
my sister has the same mac as me and she is in a band and uses garageband to record and edit.	garageband	neutral
they say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive (i don't really understand why but anyway).	warranty	negative
they say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive (i don't really understand why but anyway).	hard drive	neutral
and looks very sexyy d really the mac book pro is the best laptop specially for students in college if you are not caring about price.	price	negative
a great computer for light home use and business use.	home use	positive
a great computer for light home use and business use.	business use	positive
even with virus protection, it always turned off when updates were needed and installed.	virus protection	negative
even with virus protection, it always turned off when updates were needed and installed.	updates	negative
also consider the ms office apps are all trial versions, hope you have your own copies.	ms office apps	negative
even so, i like playing online games, so it was wonderful that there is a feature where i can dualboot windows.	feature	positive
even so, i like playing online games, so it was wonderful that there is a feature where i can dualboot windows.	windows	positive
even so, i like playing online games, so it was wonderful that there is a feature where i can dualboot windows.	games	neutral
the battery life is amazingly long at 7hrs and 5hrs if you use it.	battery life	positive
lightweight, long battery life, excellent transition from pc	battery life	positive
the price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop.	price	positive
the nortons virus scan is only for a very short time unlike others that usually are good for a year.	nortons virus scan	negative
it is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame.	frame	positive
i am first time mac buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the mac offers.	features	positive
i am first time mac buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the mac offers.	use	positive
came fully loaded - good.	loaded	positive
i noticed windows has a new system called windows 7, what about us vista users? they should get all the bugs out of vista before investing in a new system.	windows 7	neutral
i noticed windows has a new system called windows 7, what about us vista users? they should get all the bugs out of vista before investing in a new system.	vista	neutral
i noticed windows has a new system called windows 7, what about us vista users? they should get all the bugs out of vista before investing in a new system.	vista	negative
i noticed windows has a new system called windows 7, what about us vista users? they should get all the bugs out of vista before investing in a new system.	windows	neutral
when we bought our new hp comouter in dec. of 2008, we wanted windows xp, but were told it would cost an extra $159, so we went with vista.	windows xp	conflict
when we bought our new hp comouter in dec. of 2008, we wanted windows xp, but were told it would cost an extra $159, so we went with vista.	vista	neutral
the only thing that i have, is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters, would help if it was a little lighter then it is.	key broad	negative
i'm still within the one year warranty but the repair "depot" has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not covered.	warranty	negative
i'm still within the one year warranty but the repair "depot" has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not covered.	repair "depot"	negative
but i needed a laptop for school use.	school use	neutral
this is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design.	design	negative
i would like at least a 4 hr. battery life.	battery life	neutral
the only thing that i don't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that i want to be able to run and i am not able to.	programs	negative
wireless has not been a issue for me, like some others have meantioned.	wireless	positive
macbook notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life, as well as the many background programs that run without the user's knowlede.	battery life	negative
macbook notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life, as well as the many background programs that run without the user's knowlede.	programs	negative
all the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler, quicker, and easier.	trackpad	positive
all the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler, quicker, and easier.	programs	positive
all the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler, quicker, and easier.	navigating	positive
i guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer.	speakers	positive
i guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer.	subwoofer	positive
theres a built in camera with special effects- for video and photography.	built in camera	positive
all for such a great price.	price	positive
long story short, since i experience so many problems with my laptop every since i bought it from day one, i didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what i pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.	warranty	neutral
another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $175 to send it in to fix it.	left mouse key	negative
another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $175 to send it in to fix it.	costed	neutral
it has good speed and plenty of hard drive space.	speed	positive
it has good speed and plenty of hard drive space.	hard drive space	positive
clear picture on it and everything.	picture	positive
they said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty, and that products with extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not sony itself anymore.	extended warranty	neutral
they said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty, and that products with extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not sony itself anymore.	extended warranties	neutral
very long-life battery (up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings).	battery	positive
screen is awesome, battery life is good.	screen	positive
screen is awesome, battery life is good.	battery life	positive
the black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks i've seen.	appearance	positive
the technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother.	technical service for dell	negative
the graphics were awful and the warranty isn't even worth the cheap payment on the computer.	graphics	negative
the graphics were awful and the warranty isn't even worth the cheap payment on the computer.	warranty	negative
they gave me a hard time yet again, but their was a malfunction in the battery itself, it didn't die.	battery	negative
if you don't feel comfortable doing it yourself, just buy the case and be happy, plus it looks nice, i bought the white one from best buy.	case	positive
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price, but you cannot find the look, easy, applications, and the experience in mac.	performance	neutral
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price, but you cannot find the look, easy, applications, and the experience in mac.	price	positive
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price, but you cannot find the look, easy, applications, and the experience in mac.	look	positive
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price, but you cannot find the look, easy, applications, and the experience in mac.	applications	positive
excellent speed for processing data.	speed	positive
when you call tech support you were routed to someone who was in another country and did not know what they were doing.	tech support	negative
it has come into good use for my finances, scheduling, my parents business expenses, and it is definitely amazing for gaming.	gaming	positive
it has come into good use for my finances, scheduling, my parents business expenses, and it is definitely amazing for gaming.	use	positive
i was taught to use photoshop and was amazed.	photoshop	positive
somehow the system clock got messed up after reboot.	system clock	negative
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb ram, the computer was kinda slow.	ram	negative
with the macbook pro it comes with freesecuritysoftware to protect it from viruses and other intrusive things from downloads and internet surfing or emails.	securitysoftware	positive
the driver updates don't fix the issue, very frustrating.	driver updates	negative
i will never go back to windows!	windows	negative
it doesnt work worth a damn.	work	negative
it works really well.	works	positive
bigger hd, better graphics card, and a bid hd.	hd	positive
bigger hd, better graphics card, and a bid hd.	hd	positive
bigger hd, better graphics card, and a bid hd.	graphics card	positive
the built in camera is very useful when chatting with other techs in remote buildings on our campus.	built in camera	positive
mine came at $1,700 w o a dvd burner (!).	dvd burner	negative
the dvd burner broke after burning 3 dvd'd during that time!	dvd burner	negative
it works fine with our wireless and they've had not problems.	works	positive
but you must get the 15 inch.	15 inch	positive
product support very poor as each phone call costs me long distan	product support	negative
overall the computer is very easy to use, the screen is perfect, great computer, my daughter loves.	screen	positive
overall the computer is very easy to use, the screen is perfect, great computer, my daughter loves.	use	positive
the casing of the power cord fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket.	casing of the power cord	negative
it does not keep internet signals no matter where you bring it.	internet signals	negative
it's a great product for a great price!	price	positive
again, the same problem, the right speaker did not work.	right speaker	negative
but see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates.	price tag	conflict
but see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates.	software	positive
but see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates.	updates	positive
and the multiple page viewer ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online.	multiple page viewer	positive
this was the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped.	shipped	negative
keyboard good sized and wasy to use.	keyboard	positive
keyboard good sized and wasy to use.	use	positive
hp said it was out of warranty.	warranty	neutral
i never had this kind of quality issue with dell (not to say dell is that great), not with a brand new laptop.	quality	negative
wonderful features.	features	positive
i had to call hp and ask for a recovery disk because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all.	recovery disk	negative
im glad that it has such great features in it.	features	positive
i like those programs better than office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the office programs as well.	programs	positive
i like those programs better than office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the office programs as well.	office	negative
i like those programs better than office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the office programs as well.	office programs	neutral
great wifi too.	wifi	positive
when typing, letters and spaces are frequently omitted requiring the user to redo many words and sentences.	typing	negative
only a few days after i received the computer back, the screen froze again.	screen	negative
it is not ideal for children because of the temp.	temp	negative
although i do believe that windows operating system may be to fault for some of the problems.	windows operating system	negative
great os, fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port.	os	positive
great os, fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port.	processor speed	positive
great os, fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port.	thunderbolt port	positive
the lcd screen stopped working on mine after 10 months.	lcd screen	negative
images are crisp and clean.	images	positive
although its windows vista compared to windows xp sucks.	windows vista	negative
although its windows vista compared to windows xp sucks.	windows xp	positive
we have had numerous problems with vista, such as adobe flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, internet explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.	vista	negative
we have had numerous problems with vista, such as adobe flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, internet explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.	adobe flash player	negative
we have had numerous problems with vista, such as adobe flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, internet explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.	internet explore	negative
we have had numerous problems with vista, such as adobe flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, internet explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.	windows update	negative
we have had numerous problems with vista, such as adobe flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, internet explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.	update	negative
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch.	switch	negative
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch.	switch	negative
one more tip, please purchase this model and get a 4gb stick of ram to save you $10	4gb stick of ram	positive
it has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard!	hardrive	negative
it has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard!	touch control buttons	negative
it has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard!	keyboard	negative
i always have used a tower home pc and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance.	performance	positive
the computer runs very fast with no problems and the ilife software that comes with it (iphoto, imovie, iweb, itunes, garageband) is all very helpful as well.	ilife software	positive
the computer runs very fast with no problems and the ilife software that comes with it (iphoto, imovie, iweb, itunes, garageband) is all very helpful as well.	iphoto	positive
the computer runs very fast with no problems and the ilife software that comes with it (iphoto, imovie, iweb, itunes, garageband) is all very helpful as well.	imovie	positive
the computer runs very fast with no problems and the ilife software that comes with it (iphoto, imovie, iweb, itunes, garageband) is all very helpful as well.	iweb	positive
the computer runs very fast with no problems and the ilife software that comes with it (iphoto, imovie, iweb, itunes, garageband) is all very helpful as well.	itunes	positive
the computer runs very fast with no problems and the ilife software that comes with it (iphoto, imovie, iweb, itunes, garageband) is all very helpful as well.	garageband	positive
the computer runs very fast with no problems and the ilife software that comes with it (iphoto, imovie, iweb, itunes, garageband) is all very helpful as well.	runs	positive
at first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and i send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later i then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now i have to send it back again to get it fixed again.	system board	negative
until i bought the dell, i thought you just looked for what you wanted (size, software, options, hardware) and purchase the best deal you could find.	size	neutral
until i bought the dell, i thought you just looked for what you wanted (size, software, options, hardware) and purchase the best deal you could find.	software	neutral
until i bought the dell, i thought you just looked for what you wanted (size, software, options, hardware) and purchase the best deal you could find.	hardware	neutral
it has plenty of memory, lots of hard drive, and great graphics.	memory	positive
it has plenty of memory, lots of hard drive, and great graphics.	hard drive	positive
it has plenty of memory, lots of hard drive, and great graphics.	graphics	positive
it didn't take me long to get switched over to the mac computer programs and navigation - it's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better.	programs	positive
it didn't take me long to get switched over to the mac computer programs and navigation - it's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better.	navigation	positive
however, my girlfriend realized that the netbook's hinge is a bit loose (when you open or close the lcd).	hinge	negative
however, my girlfriend realized that the netbook's hinge is a bit loose (when you open or close the lcd).	lcd	neutral
my problem was with dell customer service.	dell customer service	negative
newegg's rma service was great as always, i contacted them late friday night, and they issued me an rma number and a prepaid ups shipping label the very next morning on saturday.	rma service	positive
design very durable.	design	positive
it is easy to go from one keyboard to another.	keyboard	neutral
has a 5-6 hour battery life.	battery life	neutral
my only issues are 1) the screen video resolution won't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60	screen video resolution	negative
my only issues are 1) the screen video resolution won't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60	resolution	negative
i run dreamweaver, final cut pro 7, photoshop, safari, firefox, msn messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.	applications	neutral
i run dreamweaver, final cut pro 7, photoshop, safari, firefox, msn messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.	dreamweaver	neutral
i run dreamweaver, final cut pro 7, photoshop, safari, firefox, msn messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.	final cut pro 7	neutral
i run dreamweaver, final cut pro 7, photoshop, safari, firefox, msn messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.	photoshop	neutral
i run dreamweaver, final cut pro 7, photoshop, safari, firefox, msn messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.	safari	neutral
i run dreamweaver, final cut pro 7, photoshop, safari, firefox, msn messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.	firefox	neutral
i run dreamweaver, final cut pro 7, photoshop, safari, firefox, msn messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.	msn messenger	neutral
i was told by many that it was a great computer, but we got one of these, and it worked great for one year, and as soon as the warrenty was up, then it got really bad.	warrenty	negative
ive had to call tech support many times.	tech support	neutral
the apple applications (ex.iphoto) are fun, easy, and really cool to use (unlike the competition)!	apple applications	positive
the apple applications (ex.iphoto) are fun, easy, and really cool to use (unlike the competition)!	iphoto	positive
not to mention it has shit gigs.	gigs	negative
i paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen, as well as the top of the line dvd and cd burners.	memory	neutral
i paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen, as well as the top of the line dvd and cd burners.	17-inch screen	neutral
i paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen, as well as the top of the line dvd and cd burners.	dvd	positive
i paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen, as well as the top of the line dvd and cd burners.	cd burners	positive
its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while i am using it for web browsing, uploading photos, watching movies (720p) on occasion and creating presentations.	web browsing	positive
its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while i am using it for web browsing, uploading photos, watching movies (720p) on occasion and creating presentations.	uploading photos	positive
its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while i am using it for web browsing, uploading photos, watching movies (720p) on occasion and creating presentations.	watching movies	positive
its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while i am using it for web browsing, uploading photos, watching movies (720p) on occasion and creating presentations.	creating presentations	positive
quality display i love hp,, it's the only computer printer we will buy.	quality display	positive
despite the inconvenient weight, i opted for the 12 cell battery.	weight	conflict
despite the inconvenient weight, i opted for the 12 cell battery.	12 cell battery	positive
the case is carved out of a single block of aluminum.	case	neutral
first it burned or fused the power adapter plug.	power adapter plug	negative
the features are great, the only thing it needs is better speakers.	features	positive
the features are great, the only thing it needs is better speakers.	speakers	negative
it was still working, but there was nothing on the screen.	screen	negative
i bought this laptop and found its tab is not functioning.	tab	negative
toshiba is aware of the issue but unless the extended warrenty is bought toshiba will do nothing about it.	extended warrenty	negative
-called headquarters again, they report that tft panel is broken, should be fixed by the end of the week (week 3).	tft panel	negative
navigation through the computer is far superior compared to windows operating systems, as well.	navigation	positive
navigation through the computer is far superior compared to windows operating systems, as well.	windows operating systems	negative
the screen is framed by half- to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary, reduces the screen size and increases the bulk.	screen	negative
the screen is framed by half- to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary, reduces the screen size and increases the bulk.	screen size	negative
the screen is framed by half- to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary, reduces the screen size and increases the bulk.	bulk	negative
though the picture, video, and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software im used to (cs5) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers.	music software	negative
though the picture, video, and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software im used to (cs5) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers.	software	positive
though the picture, video, and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software im used to (cs5) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers.	picture	negative
though the picture, video, and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software im used to (cs5) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers.	video	negative
the much lauded combined touch pad and clicker is a nightmare.	combined touch pad and clicker	negative
the unibody construction is solid, sleek and beautiful.	unibody construction	positive
this macbook is an outstanding product with great value.	value	positive
i had to re-install windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges.	windows	negative
i had to re-install windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges.	screen hinges	negative
a second problem involves the battery which is advertised as having a storage life of 11 hours but when fully charged shows only 7 hours of service.	battery	negative
a second problem involves the battery which is advertised as having a storage life of 11 hours but when fully charged shows only 7 hours of service.	storage life	conflict
a second problem involves the battery which is advertised as having a storage life of 11 hours but when fully charged shows only 7 hours of service.	service	negative
and plenty of storage with 250 gb(though i will upgrade this and the ram..)	storage	positive
and plenty of storage with 250 gb(though i will upgrade this and the ram..)	ram	neutral
no temporary replacement, they are out of replacements because "many computers had problems with the nvidia chipset"-inquired status of repair.	nvidia chipset	negative
i took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and i finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty.	extended warranty	neutral
programs would crash all the time, and it turned out to be a very unstable, unreliable laptop for me.	programs	negative
i bought this lap top and the charge time dosen't last as long as they say it will more like 2 hours	charge time	negative
also, because of the size and consistancy of the laptop computer, some websites wouldn't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems.	size	negative
also, because of the size and consistancy of the laptop computer, some websites wouldn't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems.	consistancy	negative
the key bindings take a little getting used to, but have loved the macbook pro.	key bindings	negative
keyboard is reasonable size.	keyboard	positive
keyboard is reasonable size.	size	positive
i find myself using the 10-key more than i thought i would.	10-key	positive
fan noise the fan made a constant hissing noise in the background.	fan	negative
fan noise the fan made a constant hissing noise in the background.	fan	negative
the screen is bright and clear, the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice.	screen	positive
the screen is bright and clear, the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice.	operating system	positive
it has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive.	processor	positive
it has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive.	500gb hard drive	positive
the feature are good enough for what i need.	feature	positive
finally, the biggest problem has been tech support.	tech support	negative
" this isn't a big deal, i haven't noticed the issue with dvds or other media, only through usb output.	usb output	negative
with windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must.	wireless mouse	neutral
(i had been a windows linux user before this) i love the size because the screen is big enough for what i use it for (internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.	size	positive
(i had been a windows linux user before this) i love the size because the screen is big enough for what i use it for (internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.	screen	positive
(i had been a windows linux user before this) i love the size because the screen is big enough for what i use it for (internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.	windows	neutral
(i had been a windows linux user before this) i love the size because the screen is big enough for what i use it for (internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.	linux	neutral
but if you're willing to pay another 200 dollar for a windows disc.	windows disc	neutral
very good quality and well made.	quality	positive
i bought a logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the mbp, but i use the touchpad 90% of the time.	touchpad	positive
my niece and nephew have played a few web games and it runs anything that doesn't require a dedicated video card.	video card	neutral
it had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one.	touch pad	neutral
typically, when i purchase a new laptop i always end up using an external mouse for convenience.	external mouse	neutral
it was super easy to set up and is really easy to get used to.	set up	positive
the only thing that can be updated is the video, other than that you're all set.	video	negative
its a good laptop for its value.	value	positive
then the hard drive failed	hard drive	negative
plain and simple, it(laptop) runs great and loads fast.	runs	positive
plain and simple, it(laptop) runs great and loads fast.	loads	positive
of course my warranty runs out next month.	warranty	neutral
the capabilities using that program alone made me want a mac.	program	positive
(if you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it shouldn't, check the "activity monitor" app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero.	disk throughput	neutral
(if you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it shouldn't, check the "activity monitor" app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero.	spinning beachball	negative
i have found also, it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access	wireless internet access	positive
this is a great value for the money.	value	positive
it was a great laptop, ran great and was really fast.	ran	positive
the battery has never worked well.	battery	negative
i will never buy another computer from dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how i was treated by the company.	company	negative
the only problem is a lack of screen resolutions!	screen resolutions	negative
small enough to use on a long flight, light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips.	carry	positive
typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on.	keyboard	negative
typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on.	edges	negative
it has many great programs, such as ilife, iphotos and others.	programs	positive
it has many great programs, such as ilife, iphotos and others.	ilife	positive
it has many great programs, such as ilife, iphotos and others.	iphotos	positive
the processor went on me, the fan went and the motherboard went.	processor	negative
the processor went on me, the fan went and the motherboard went.	fan	negative
the processor went on me, the fan went and the motherboard went.	motherboard	negative
it is very well built.	built	positive
i highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door.	performance	positive
the screen resolution was exactly what i was looking for.	screen resolution	positive
even though it is running snow leopard, 2.4 ghz c2d is a bit of an antiquated cpu and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running office mac applications such as word or excel.	snow leopard	positive
even though it is running snow leopard, 2.4 ghz c2d is a bit of an antiquated cpu and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running office mac applications such as word or excel.	cpu	negative
even though it is running snow leopard, 2.4 ghz c2d is a bit of an antiquated cpu and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running office mac applications such as word or excel.	office mac applications	negative
even though it is running snow leopard, 2.4 ghz c2d is a bit of an antiquated cpu and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running office mac applications such as word or excel.	word	negative
even though it is running snow leopard, 2.4 ghz c2d is a bit of an antiquated cpu and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running office mac applications such as word or excel.	excel	negative
even though it is running snow leopard, 2.4 ghz c2d is a bit of an antiquated cpu and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running office mac applications such as word or excel.	spinning wheel	negative
there is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer.	pad	negative
there is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer.	keyboard	negative
after 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switched off.	screen	negative
if upgrade is possible to the full windows 7, then i will truly be a very happy geek.	windows 7	positive
i was originally concerned that i couldn't view work i had done in college on my mac because of the pc formatting, but i was even more thrilled to learn of programs like ilife and iwork that allow you to convert your pc documents into readable files on macs.	programs	positive
i was originally concerned that i couldn't view work i had done in college on my mac because of the pc formatting, but i was even more thrilled to learn of programs like ilife and iwork that allow you to convert your pc documents into readable files on macs.	ilife	positive
i was originally concerned that i couldn't view work i had done in college on my mac because of the pc formatting, but i was even more thrilled to learn of programs like ilife and iwork that allow you to convert your pc documents into readable files on macs.	iwork	positive
it is a big big, but since it has a 18.4" screen what would you expect!	18.4" screen	conflict
10 hours of battery life is really something else....	battery life	positive
runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better.	regular layout keyboard	positive
runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better.	runs	positive
all the programs are easy and straight forward on my macbook pro, it is clean and organized, which i always strive to be myself.	programs	positive
i reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again.	windows	positive
i reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again.	recovery discs	positive
windows 7 starter is terrific (no you can't change the background) but i don't need to, i use it just for school work.	windows 7 starter	positive
support has been lackluster and now i just want a refund.	support	negative
first of all, they had no record of me having the 3 year warranty i'd paid almost $400 for, and i had to call in, spend hours on their online chat service, and fax in multiple documents.	3 year warranty	negative
first of all, they had no record of me having the 3 year warranty i'd paid almost $400 for, and i had to call in, spend hours on their online chat service, and fax in multiple documents.	online chat service	negative
" iphoto is probably the best program i have ever worked with easy and convenient.	iphoto	positive
i love to write and play with graphics and html programming and my new toshiba works great on both!	works	positive
my laptop now has no battery.	battery	negative
beta had better quality, but vhs became the industry standard.	quality	conflict
beta had better quality, but vhs became the industry standard.	vhs	conflict
it made the computer much easier to use and navigate.	use	positive
it made the computer much easier to use and navigate.	navigate	positive
-)if you buy this - don't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life, and you'll be perfectly satisfied.	battery life	negative
needs longer lasting battery, more than 1 to 2 hrs.	battery	negative
in may i started having problems with the usb ports not working.	usb ports	negative
10 plus hours of battery...	battery	positive
the design is awesome, quality is unprecedented.	design	positive
the design is awesome, quality is unprecedented.	quality	positive
the mac version of microsoft office is cheaper than buying the actual and works just as well.	mac version of microsoft office	positive
the mac takes about the same amount of starting-up time as the average pc, but keeps itself cleaned up and ready to use.	starting-up time	positive
the toshiba net book operates very well.	operates	positive
the touch pad is fine - again, it's a real touch pad.	touch pad	positive
the touch pad is fine - again, it's a real touch pad.	touch pad	positive
the pictures are clear as can be.	pictures	positive
it is also very lightweight, making transporting this computer very easy.	transporting	positive
it's wonderful for computer gaming.	gaming	positive
you have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability.	network capability	negative
you have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability.	wifi card	negative
and the best part is that it even comes with a free printer (when they have a certain promotion offer going, of course)!	printer	positive
it is very easy for anyone to use an apple and specially the mcbook pro notebook.	use	positive
the flaws are, this computer is not for computer gamers because of the os x.	os x	negative
they really do have the worlds very worst repair service.	repair service	negative
they need to stop outsoucing and send some complaint calls to us based customer service agents for those who live in the united states.	customer service agents	negative
i was also able to install and use my photoshop and aftereffects programs easily.	photoshop	positive
i was also able to install and use my photoshop and aftereffects programs easily.	aftereffects programs	positive
it's perfect for everything and runs faster than an average pc!	runs	positive
then after paying for it to be examined i was told it was same problem cited on website but i'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty.	warrenty	negative
i'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown.	look	positive
i'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown.	dependability	positive
and having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare.	company	negative
i will definitely be getting a new laptop if it has any more issues after the warranty expires and researching carefully when i do so i don't run accross a situation like this again!	warranty	neutral
it has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer.	features	positive
i've owned this labtop for less then two months, already the mouse button has broke.	mouse button	negative
it did fairly well, other than it's poor performance, overheating and occational blue screen.	performance	negative
the touchpad is very intuitive, so much so that i never want to use buttons to click again!	touchpad	positive
the touchpad is very intuitive, so much so that i never want to use buttons to click again!	buttons	neutral
tons of bloatware and junk programs.	programs	negative
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small.	space	positive
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small.	keyboard	negative
it's so bad that i'm thinking i only got half a battery or something.	battery	negative
good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.	keyboard	positive
good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.	battery life	positive
good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.	hard drive	positive
good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.	windows 7	positive
the processor is very quick and effective as i load webpages and applications.	processor	positive
the processor is very quick and effective as i load webpages and applications.	applications	neutral
the processor is very quick and effective as i load webpages and applications.	load	positive
the processor is very quick and effective as i load webpages and applications.	webpages	neutral
my battery went bad about a year and a half after having it and it cost around eighty to a hundred dollars!	battery	negative
it pretty much does everything we could ever need, and looks great to boot.	boot	positive
as a lifelong windows user, i was extremely pleased to make the change to mac.	windows	negative
the macbook is also made better, my computer has never got a virus, and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day i bought it.	runs	positive
i wiped nearly everything off of it, installed openoffice and firefox, and i am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.	openoffice	neutral
i wiped nearly everything off of it, installed openoffice and firefox, and i am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.	firefox	neutral
i wiped nearly everything off of it, installed openoffice and firefox, and i am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.	price	positive
overall i feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.	quality	negative
overall i feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.	performance	negative
overall i feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.	battery life	positive
i picked it out because it was inexpensive ($400) and i thought it would be a good, easy to use first laptop.	use	positive
my only problem is i can not reg. the product key.	product key	negative
pay attention to the specs if you want these options.	specs	neutral
it also does not have bluetooth.	bluetooth	negative
sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer.	feature	conflict
sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer.	one touch keys	positive
great battery life.	battery life	positive
the real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it's speed.	keyboard	positive
the real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it's speed.	speed	positive
at first, the computer seemed a great deal--seemingly high-end specs for a low, low price.	specs	positive
at first, the computer seemed a great deal--seemingly high-end specs for a low, low price.	price	positive
delivery was early too.	delivery	positive
love the stability of the mac software and operating system.	stability	positive
love the stability of the mac software and operating system.	mac software	positive
love the stability of the mac software and operating system.	operating system	positive
and that probably explains why i've already had my sata controller go bad within a year of buying it.	sata controller	negative
it's also very capable of doing moderate video editing (although you may need the performance boost of the larger macbook pros for heavy duty mobile video editing).	video editing	positive
it's also very capable of doing moderate video editing (although you may need the performance boost of the larger macbook pros for heavy duty mobile video editing).	performance	negative
it's also very capable of doing moderate video editing (although you may need the performance boost of the larger macbook pros for heavy duty mobile video editing).	mobile video editing	neutral
my main reason to convert was the imovie program.	imovie program	positive
it has a faster processor and more ram.	processor	positive
it has a faster processor and more ram.	ram	positive
laptops are usually used on the go, so why not give you a better battery?	battery	negative
i will never complain about the price since i believe you get what you pay for and my macbook pro was worth every dollar.	price	conflict
i wasn't a big fan of the netbooks but this one was very well designed.	designed	positive
and the warranty on this macbook pro can last up to 5 years or 1000 battery recharge cycles.	warranty	positive
i still have that stupid bluetooth mouse to!	bluetooth mouse	negative
would like more trendy, high tech features.	features	negative
keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable.	keyboard	positive
keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable.	control buttons	negative
screen is a bit glossy, but that's not too bad.	screen	conflict
i got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced, so i was now on the second motherboard within 3 months.	motherboard	negative
i got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced, so i was now on the second motherboard within 3 months.	motherboard	negative
processor - when compared to my 3 week old early 2011 edition there i barely experience any difference in performance (2.3 ghz v s 2.4 ghz).	processor	neutral
processor - when compared to my 3 week old early 2011 edition there i barely experience any difference in performance (2.3 ghz v s 2.4 ghz).	performance	neutral
they say it could be the motherboard again, but dell	motherboard	negative
2nd best computer in the world only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches to make less easier for people to hack into	patches	negative
love the speed, especially!	speed	positive
it could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have ddr5 instead of ddr3.	system memory	negative
it could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have ddr5 instead of ddr3.	radeon 5850	negative
it could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have ddr5 instead of ddr3.	ddr5	positive
it could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have ddr5 instead of ddr3.	ddr3	negative
not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved, worked on and opened on both a pc and mac, the versions of these programs on a mac are graphically and functionally superior.	programs	positive
not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved, worked on and opened on both a pc and mac, the versions of these programs on a mac are graphically and functionally superior.	programs	positive
the speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly, and multiple at a time if you sowish.	speed	positive
awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college.	size	positive
a month later, we reinstall the os (vista).	os (vista)	negative
some problems can be fixed if you purchase new software, but there is no guarentee.	software	negative
my real problem with it? the statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it's a lie.	battery life	negative
the battery life is also relatively good.	battery life	positive
i definitely suggest getting an extended warranty, you will probably need it!	extended warranty	positive
i have found it very easy to use, very imformative, wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs.	features	positive
i have found it very easy to use, very imformative, wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs.	programs	positive
i have found it very easy to use, very imformative, wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs.	use	positive
i don't have stupid pop up windows (even when i have pop ups blocked), i don't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download, and best of all i can run all the web programming software i need to use all at once without slowing me down.	pop up windows	positive
i don't have stupid pop up windows (even when i have pop ups blocked), i don't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download, and best of all i can run all the web programming software i need to use all at once without slowing me down.	web programming software	positive
i don't have stupid pop up windows (even when i have pop ups blocked), i don't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download, and best of all i can run all the web programming software i need to use all at once without slowing me down.	pop ups	neutral
memory is upgradable.	memory	positive
web access through the 3g network is so slow, it's very frustrating and very disappointing.	3g network	negative
web access through the 3g network is so slow, it's very frustrating and very disappointing.	web access	negative
the large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like adobe creative suite.	screen	positive
the large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like adobe creative suite.	design based programs	neutral
the large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like adobe creative suite.	adobe creative suite	neutral
moral of the story -do not buy anything from companies that do not respect their customers.	companies	negative
this is my first dell i heard their customer service was lacking and that they were working on improving it!	customer service	negative
as well as having the plug in the computer come loose.	plug	negative
second hdd cover has walls inside that need to be broken if you what to install one.	hdd cover	neutral
if you want more information on macs i suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications.	applications	neutral
great product by apple with the new great looking design.	design	positive
i love the keyboard.	keyboard	positive
i use iphoto all the time, which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike.	iphoto	positive
i use iphoto all the time, which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike.	program	positive
the screen isn't huge, but that doesn't matter when i output media to the 50 inch lcd tv.	screen	conflict
i will have to purchase spy ware or nortell for privacy protection.	spy ware	neutral
i will have to purchase spy ware or nortell for privacy protection.	nortell	neutral
i was said it's videocard.	videocard	negative
for the price and what i get out of it has exceeded my expectations.	price	positive
if your time is worth anything to you, if you are tired of rebooting, reformatting, reinstalling, trying to find drivers, if you want a computer to work for you for a change, make the change to this computer.	drivers	negative
the only thing i wish is the 15 inch macbook pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard.	speakers	negative
the only thing i wish is the 15 inch macbook pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard.	keyboard	neutral
now, as easy as it is to use, and i do think it is a great starter laptop.	use	positive
setting would change for some reason, the screen size would change on it's own, like the pixel sizes and whatnot.	setting	negative
setting would change for some reason, the screen size would change on it's own, like the pixel sizes and whatnot.	screen size	negative
setting would change for some reason, the screen size would change on it's own, like the pixel sizes and whatnot.	pixel sizes	negative
it had some kind of pre installed software update that completely shut the computer down when you clicked it.	pre installed software update	negative
ever since i bought this laptop, so far i've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services i received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines.	customer services	negative
ever since i bought this laptop, so far i've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services i received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines.	toshiba customer services	negative
also, the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it.	space bar	negative
iphotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos.	iphotos	positive
iphotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos.	program	positive
other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more.	performing	positive
called tech support and got the usual acer "we don't support software but for $$$ we can help you" i explained there was no software involved in booting.	software	negative
called tech support and got the usual acer "we don't support software but for $$$ we can help you" i explained there was no software involved in booting.	software	negative
called tech support and got the usual acer "we don't support software but for $$$ we can help you" i explained there was no software involved in booting.	booting	negative
the programs are great, like iphoto (love the editing capabilities), imail (which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad), imovie, etc.	programs	positive
the programs are great, like iphoto (love the editing capabilities), imail (which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad), imovie, etc.	iphoto	positive
the programs are great, like iphoto (love the editing capabilities), imail (which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad), imovie, etc.	imail	positive
the programs are great, like iphoto (love the editing capabilities), imail (which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad), imovie, etc.	imovie	positive
the only thing i didn't learn in my research was the software i would need like privacy protection and warranty protection, in case it gets broken, or crashes etc.	software	neutral
comfterbale to use light easy to transport.	use	positive
comfterbale to use light easy to transport.	transport	positive
the computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks.	repair depot	negative
i thought the price was great for the specs.	price	positive
i thought the price was great for the specs.	specs	positive
the only down fall is that it has no cd drive but i found that they are very cheap to by and also very portable making this the best friend to someone who is always looking for more space then they have.	cd drive	negative
so, the hard disk capacity really doesn't matter to me.	hard disk capacity	neutral
keys stick periodically and i havent had the laptop for 45 days yet.	keys	negative
i also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the trackpad.	trackpad	positive
everything from the design to the os is simple and to the point.	design	positive
everything from the design to the os is simple and to the point.	os	positive
i'v spent as much for shipping as i would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand.	shipping	negative
i personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers.	gaming look	positive
i personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers.	gaming performance	positive
this just keeps having it's hard drive replaced!	hard drive	negative
when you look at the specs on apple products in comparison to a dell or a hp, yes they do seem to offer less for a higher cost.	cost	negative
the only downfall is the volume control.	volume control	negative
very fast boot up and shut down.	boot up	positive
very fast boot up and shut down.	shut down	positive
i finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what i need it.	price	positive
if internet connectivity is important i would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more, or buy a usb wireless card.	internet connectivity	neutral
if internet connectivity is important i would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more, or buy a usb wireless card.	usb wireless card	neutral
i had read online that some users were having sound problems.	sound	negative
my last computer, a toshiba, cost only $400, and worked like a charm for many years.	cost	positive
it discharges too quickly.	discharges	negative
but to be honest, the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think i ll buy a pc next time.	compatibility	negative
then it ceased charging at all.	charging	negative
i do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it, however i would highly suggest purchasing a stand however, due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink.	stand	neutral
i do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it, however i would highly suggest purchasing a stand however, due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink.	design	negative
i do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it, however i would highly suggest purchasing a stand however, due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink.	heat sink	negative
=webcam is a bit laggy, not the greatest.	webcam	negative
i am not much of a computer techie, so i can understand some of the internal problems, though i do have trend micro as an antiviral program.	trend micro	neutral
i am not much of a computer techie, so i can understand some of the internal problems, though i do have trend micro as an antiviral program.	antiviral program	neutral
the computer continued to give me issues and in late june it completely died again and i tried to call acer again to get it fixed and they refused to help me, they said my warrenty was up and hung up on me.	warrenty	negative
i've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.	plastic piece	negative
i've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.	usb port wires	neutral
wonderful sleek case design is only on the outside.	case design	positive
it is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the connection is weak or not.	connection	neutral
the pricing is very competitive.	pricing	positive
connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all.	built-in wireless	positive
this computer is exceptionally thin for it's screen size and processing power.	screen size	positive
this computer is exceptionally thin for it's screen size and processing power.	processing power	positive
i have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing.	applications	positive
maybe this is virus related, maybe not, but the computer has locked up many times, and on two occasions, the screen has simply gone black.	screen	negative
this wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought.	programs	negative
it's graphics aren't bad at all, for the lower end of the macbook pro spectrum, easily capable of running starcraft ii and other games with comparable graphics.	graphics	positive
it's graphics aren't bad at all, for the lower end of the macbook pro spectrum, easily capable of running starcraft ii and other games with comparable graphics.	graphics	neutral
i have vista, so i am unable to install and uninstall some programs.	vista	negative
i have vista, so i am unable to install and uninstall some programs.	programs	negative
i have vista, so i am unable to install and uninstall some programs.	install	negative
i have vista, so i am unable to install and uninstall some programs.	uninstall	negative
the screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use, very important for use quick typers.	screen	positive
the screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use, very important for use quick typers.	keyboard	positive
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too.	mouse	negative
for those that care about noise this thing doesn't really make any	noise	positive
i had my iworks, itunes, email, ms office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.	iworks	positive
i had my iworks, itunes, email, ms office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.	itunes	positive
i had my iworks, itunes, email, ms office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.	ms office	positive
the macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and performance.	performance	positive
the only downfall is a lot of the software i have won't work with mac and iwork is not worth the price of it.	iwork	negative
the only downfall is a lot of the software i have won't work with mac and iwork is not worth the price of it.	software	negative
the only downfall is a lot of the software i have won't work with mac and iwork is not worth the price of it.	price	negative
whenever tried to turn it on, it would restart as soon as the bios launched windows (or winblows, as i like ot call it).	bios	negative
whenever tried to turn it on, it would restart as soon as the bios launched windows (or winblows, as i like ot call it).	windows	negative
but there's this application called boot camp which allows you to add another os x like windows.	application	neutral
but there's this application called boot camp which allows you to add another os x like windows.	os x	neutral
but there's this application called boot camp which allows you to add another os x like windows.	boot camp	neutral
but there's this application called boot camp which allows you to add another os x like windows.	windows	neutral
the mousepad is a huge pain in the arse!	mousepad	negative
i hope to edit this in the next few hours, i am going to try to install my own copy of windows 7.	windows 7	neutral
) i also purchased applecare for $300, which is a three year extended warranty, since i ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two.	applecare	neutral
) i also purchased applecare for $300, which is a three year extended warranty, since i ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two.	extended warranty	neutral
i run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs i do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.	windows	neutral
i run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs i do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.	programs	neutral
i run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs i do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.	cad programs	neutral
i run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs i do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.	bootcamp	neutral
whenever i call dell about an unrelated problem, they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if i'd like to purchase more memory for $75.	memory	neutral
since then i have had minor problems with slow operation.	operation	negative
registration 1st use is easy.	use	positive
take your time and go through the tutorials patiently.	tutorials	neutral
this time the mouse pad and right click key wouldn't work!	mouse pad	negative
this time the mouse pad and right click key wouldn't work!	right click key	negative
the first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours.	battery	negative
the first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours.	full charge	negative
i bought a cordless mouse for it, but don't always take it out	cordless mouse	positive
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well, but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing.	runs	positive
it took toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem.	toshiba tech support	negative
it took toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem.	techs	negative
they only stay charged a little over an hour.	charged	negative
the 4 usb ports are nice, but the two on the side only work now and then.	usb ports	conflict
i could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat.	tech support	negative
i could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat.	online chat	neutral
keyboard could use some trimming.	keyboard	negative
its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes.	color	positive
returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage (keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in), buttons not working and usb ports inoperative.	keyboard	negative
returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage (keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in), buttons not working and usb ports inoperative.	speaker grill	negative
returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage (keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in), buttons not working and usb ports inoperative.	buttons	negative
returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage (keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in), buttons not working and usb ports inoperative.	usb ports	negative
when i am next to my router on my hp i get full service, on my eee pc i get 3 bars.	full service	conflict
i got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my warranty would transfer to the new computer.	warranty	positive
the letter a stopped working after the first week.	letter a	negative
this is what i call a good after sales service.	after sales service	positive
i took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk software on it.	software	negative
with what i do know how to do, the computer works beautiful.	works	positive
tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk.	recovey disk	negative
tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk.	recovery disk	negative
most everything is fine with this machine speed, capacity, build.	speed	positive
most everything is fine with this machine speed, capacity, build.	capacity	positive
most everything is fine with this machine speed, capacity, build.	build	positive
for the same price, you get a lot more in the asus....1920x1080 res.	price	negative
i made a photo book as a gift, on my computer, pushed "buy" and it drew from my itunes account and sent the book to my house, the book was of perfect quality-exactly how i had created it and looked better than i had even imagined.	itunes	neutral
i use this for my tutoring business, and since i'm always bouncing from student to student, it is ideal for portability and battery life (yes, it gets the 8 hours as advertised!).	portability	positive
i use this for my tutoring business, and since i'm always bouncing from student to student, it is ideal for portability and battery life (yes, it gets the 8 hours as advertised!).	battery life	positive
it is in the best condition and has a really high quality.	quality	positive
when it come time for warranty service to toshiba you don't matter.	warranty service to toshiba	neutral
however the frozen screens kept happening.	screens	negative
it is short on space, and downloads always had problems being completed, or were said to be 'corrupted'.	space	negative
it is short on space, and downloads always had problems being completed, or were said to be 'corrupted'.	downloads	negative
3) horrible customer support	customer support	negative
the led backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more.	led backlit display	positive
apple is always great about the aesthetics of things, they always come up with good looking products.	aesthetics	positive
runs smooth and quick.	runs	positive
the downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook screen size is not something i'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week.	screen size	neutral
the downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook screen size is not something i'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week.	battery life	neutral
the graphics are great.	graphics	positive
in 5 months the connect quality got worse and worse.	connect quality	negative
the big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc!	screen	positive
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.	headphone	negative
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.	mic jack	negative
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.	touch-pad	neutral
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.	touch-pad	negative
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.	headphones	negative
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.	mic	negative
for the $ price (special offer) this is a great laptop.	price	positive
the manufacturer's warranty only covers replacement repair of parts.	warranty	negative
what i'd like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional memory.	memory	negative
what i'd like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional memory.	run	neutral
it works exactly like it did the day i took it out of the box.	works	positive
it is fast booting up , shutting down, and connection with the internet.	connection with the internet	positive
it is fast booting up , shutting down, and connection with the internet.	booting up	positive
it is fast booting up , shutting down, and connection with the internet.	shutting down	positive
the battery life is great.	battery life	positive
this is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine	gaming	negative
they replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board.	hard drive	neutral
they replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board.	mother board	neutral
there is nothing to complain about the system.	system	positive
and it comes with the new osx that comes with new features that makes the use more easy.	osx	positive
and it comes with the new osx that comes with new features that makes the use more easy.	features	positive
and it comes with the new osx that comes with new features that makes the use more easy.	use	positive
now the screen is going darker, darker, darker.	screen	negative
either the computer is too slow to detect the keys typed (this is unlikely as i am a slow typist) or the keyboard simply does not detect the keys being typed.	keys	negative
either the computer is too slow to detect the keys typed (this is unlikely as i am a slow typist) or the keyboard simply does not detect the keys being typed.	keyboard	negative
either the computer is too slow to detect the keys typed (this is unlikely as i am a slow typist) or the keyboard simply does not detect the keys being typed.	keys	negative
features such as the dashboard (allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator, weather forecast, movie times, calendar, computer post its etc.	features	neutral
features such as the dashboard (allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator, weather forecast, movie times, calendar, computer post its etc.	dashboard	neutral
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase.	return policy	negative
i sent it back and found this time that the battery was faulty, so i got a new one and some other fixes they found.	battery	negative
great pick for portability and affordability.	portability	positive
great pick for portability and affordability.	affordability	positive
it's fast, it's easy easy easy to set up, easy to hook to my wireless network.	set up	positive
it's fast, it's easy easy easy to set up, easy to hook to my wireless network.	hook to my wireless network	positive
i previously purchased a 13" macbook (had pro specs and was aluminum style) which had a nvidia 9800 (if i am not mistaken) and it had major heating issues.	aluminum style	positive
i previously purchased a 13" macbook (had pro specs and was aluminum style) which had a nvidia 9800 (if i am not mistaken) and it had major heating issues.	specs	positive
i previously purchased a 13" macbook (had pro specs and was aluminum style) which had a nvidia 9800 (if i am not mistaken) and it had major heating issues.	nvidia 9800	neutral
the people there just changed for me on the spot and i got a new arm piece and they didn't even request for a receipt.	arm piece	positive
i take it everywhere with me because it's so easy to carry.	carry	positive
the only thing is that the battery won't last more than 1 2 an hour.	battery	negative
the first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty.	1-year-warranty	neutral
oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all i use the old word processer which works good.	word	conflict
oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all i use the old word processer which works good.	word processer	positive
the keyboard has a wonderful nature feel.	keyboard	positive
they went through asking me open up various components, taking battery out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it.	battery	neutral
they went through asking me open up various components, taking battery out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it.	hard disk	neutral
the battery doesn't last long but i'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem.	battery	negative
the battery doesn't last long but i'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem.	battery	positive
i was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, i took it for granted that these features were standard.	performance specs	neutral
i was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, i took it for granted that these features were standard.	features	neutral
i have no idea how this could have even gotten past quality control during production.	quality control	negative
i bought this last week, and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch-mouse stopped responding.	touch-mouse	negative
oh yea, has no numeric pad on the side.	numeric pad	negative
the cover for the dvd drive soon came off, too--a mark of poor construction quality.	cover for the dvd drive	negative
the cover for the dvd drive soon came off, too--a mark of poor construction quality.	construction quality	negative
but the arm velcro is torn after one use.	arm velcro	negative
the software is amazing.	software	positive
we carry the netbook around here and there, hence it's kinda of irritating when the lcd just "slide" downwards.	lcd	negative
the 2 gb of ram is plenty, able to run windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown.	2 gb of ram	positive
the 2 gb of ram is plenty, able to run windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown.	windows 7	positive
the 2 gb of ram is plenty, able to run windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown.	programs	positive
the battery life is amazing, the versitility is outstanding.	battery life	positive
the battery life is amazing, the versitility is outstanding.	versitility	positive
it is known as safari, and if you are doing any website work, you should know that many hosting companies do not support it.	safari	neutral
vista is a nightmare.	vista	negative
the program came with the computer and works beautifully.	program	positive
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer, left right and front.	hinge design	negative
i was loving this netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light, but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me (even after installing new browsers) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime i booted it.	screen	positive
i was loving this netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light, but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me (even after installing new browsers) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime i booted it.	display	positive
i was loving this netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light, but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me (even after installing new browsers) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime i booted it.	browsers	neutral
the so called laptop runs to slow and i hate it!	runs	negative
charger seems large for this class of computer.	charger	negative
i dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers.	speakers	negative
the screen graphics and clarity, and sharpness are great.	screen graphics	positive
the screen graphics and clarity, and sharpness are great.	clarity	positive
the screen graphics and clarity, and sharpness are great.	sharpness	positive
so i called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, i just chose to hide the message.	customer support	positive
so i called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, i just chose to hide the message.	performance	neutral
so i called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, i just chose to hide the message.	safety feature	neutral
the unibody design is edgy and durable.	unibody design	positive
stopped booting up less than a week after my one-year warranty was up.	booting up	negative
stopped booting up less than a week after my one-year warranty was up.	one-year warranty	neutral
but, for the cost this is a winner.	cost	positive
later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months.	charge	negative
also, the battery does not last very long at all.	battery	negative
i bought it from hsn because it was "bundled" with extra software, but as it turns out, that software just crashes it more often.....	software	conflict
i bought it from hsn because it was "bundled" with extra software, but as it turns out, that software just crashes it more often.....	software	negative
i looked around and based off my price features comparison from a brand i trusted i landed here.	price	neutral
i looked around and based off my price features comparison from a brand i trusted i landed here.	features	neutral
i constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed.	services	negative
strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed this device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.	performance	positive
strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed this device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.	speed	positive
strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed this device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.	use	positive
unless you need the bluetooth 3.	bluetooth 3	neutral
i was sorly disapointed to discover that hp (what i thought was a reputable company) wouldn't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart.	warrenty	negative
i was sorly disapointed to discover that hp (what i thought was a reputable company) wouldn't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart.	fan blade	negative
more times that not the screen pops up saying i have a bad internet connection, or the page can't be displayed.	internet connection	negative
do yourself a favor and invest in a few external harddrives if you are planning on purchasing this laptop.	external harddrives	negative
i don't understand why only windows 7 starter is included.	windows 7 starter	negative
while most people say that pcs hold functionality and value and macs are just pretty to look at, i think there's something to be said about the simplicity of macs.	functionality	positive
while most people say that pcs hold functionality and value and macs are just pretty to look at, i think there's something to be said about the simplicity of macs.	value	positive
while most people say that pcs hold functionality and value and macs are just pretty to look at, i think there's something to be said about the simplicity of macs.	simplicity	positive
while most people say that pcs hold functionality and value and macs are just pretty to look at, i think there's something to be said about the simplicity of macs.	look	positive
my macbook is so much better looking and so thin!	looking	positive
the ease of use is wonderful.	use	positive
this system came loaded with windows 7 starter.	windows 7 starter	neutral
-when battery life went to 4 hours or less, took it to the machouse amsterdam for repair (26th of august).	battery life	negative
the battery gets so hot it is scary.	battery	negative
best thing is i can use existing 32 bit old programs.	programs	positive
it's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with.	keys	positive
it's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with.	look	positive
i am forever changed and will no longer buy a windows based machine for personal use.	windows	negative
the only thing i would change about it is the mouse keys.	mouse keys	negative
it is absolutely horrible to use, despite all its so called advanced features.	features	negative
it is absolutely horrible to use, despite all its so called advanced features.	use	negative
before, i reloaded with windows 7 ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from acer's site.	drivers	neutral
before, i reloaded with windows 7 ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from acer's site.	windows 7 ultimate	neutral
i have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute.	mute	negative
it's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than i could ever expect from a notebook.	color reproduction	positive
after that i turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid.	warranty	neutral
he loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started.	use	positive
u can do what u want in just few seconds, even to start up your computer takes few seconds.	start up	positive
also, macbooks come with much more features which are so cool!	features	positive
they sent out a sony 'certified' technician.	sony 'certified' technician	neutral
they have developed excellent proprietary software for editing video and pictures and i'm looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular.	proprietary software	positive
getting the apple care plan is a must.	apple care plan	positive
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive.	cd drive	neutral
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive.	video games	neutral
i am constantly trying to uninstall programs, clean cookies, and delete unused files.	programs	neutral
the dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.	processor	positive
the dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.	memory	positive
the dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.	hard drive	positive
the dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.	web cam	positive
the dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.	screen	positive
the dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.	features	positive
the only downfall is the battery only last 1.5-2.0 hrs when not plugged in.	battery	negative
the graphics on this computer are also stellar - very clear and vivid.	graphics	positive
aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.	trial software	negative
aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.	battery life	negative
aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.	webcam	negative
as a die-hard windows enthusiast, i shunned the idea of a mac until this point.	windows	positive
i think that if it is the motherboard again so soon that they should replace it.	motherboard	negative
the computer loads in about a 1 10th of the time that my pc did, and i have all of the programs that were on my pc.	programs	positive
the computer loads in about a 1 10th of the time that my pc did, and i have all of the programs that were on my pc.	loads	positive
graphics are clean and sharp, internet interfaces are seamless.	graphics	positive
graphics are clean and sharp, internet interfaces are seamless.	internet interfaces	positive
the newer black keyboard took a little bit away from the previous gray one which looked really slick, but it is still a great notebook!	black keyboard	negative
sony parts reliability and quality of service is recenlty the worst.	service	negative
as with any laptop not purchased with software options, it comes with a lot of what i consider useless applications.	software options	negative
as with any laptop not purchased with software options, it comes with a lot of what i consider useless applications.	applications	negative
its office compatible, but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs.	features	neutral
its office compatible, but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs.	functioning	neutral
its office compatible, but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs.	programs	neutral
its office compatible, but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs.	office	positive
it just works flawlessly!	works	positive
do you think i purposely "destroy" my netbook, so that i can demand a new set? do you think it's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution? or rather no solution.	service center	negative
i'm having the laptop returned unrepaired since paying $176 every 3 months just isn't worth it (that's about how long the port seems to last).	port	negative
also the battery is completely shot.	battery	negative
awesome cooling system much better grafics card (ati 5870) 8gb ram led backlit screen...	cooling system	positive
awesome cooling system much better grafics card (ati 5870) 8gb ram led backlit screen...	grafics card	positive
awesome cooling system much better grafics card (ati 5870) 8gb ram led backlit screen...	led backlit screen	positive
awesome cooling system much better grafics card (ati 5870) 8gb ram led backlit screen...	8gb ram	positive
the biggest problem is that the box had no instructions in it.	instructions	negative
but after using it a couple of weeks, the overall operation is poor.	operation	negative
compared to similarly spec'd pcs, this machine is good value, well built and works easily right out of the box.	value	positive
compared to similarly spec'd pcs, this machine is good value, well built and works easily right out of the box.	built	positive
compared to similarly spec'd pcs, this machine is good value, well built and works easily right out of the box.	works	positive
screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive.	screen	positive
screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive.	system	positive
i will stack it up against laptops that cost twice as much any day.	cost	conflict
or the cursor would show up some place else.	cursor	negative
it is easy to operate and i have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new rolls royce of laptops.	software	neutral
it is easy to operate and i have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new rolls royce of laptops.	operate	positive
it is easy to operate and i have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new rolls royce of laptops.	gadgets	neutral
it might be something deep within windows, for i was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive.	windows	negative
it might be something deep within windows, for i was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive.	hard drive	negative
it might be something deep within windows, for i was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive.	disk image	negative
the track pad to me is what really stands out though, you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad, awesome thinking apple!	track pad	positive
the track pad to me is what really stands out though, you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad, awesome thinking apple!	track pad	positive
now i had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the geek squad i found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one, so back it went to get the correct drive.	disc drive	negative
now i had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the geek squad i found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one, so back it went to get the correct drive.	drive	negative
now i had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the geek squad i found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one, so back it went to get the correct drive.	drive	neutral
first, you ll discover that the word processing program known as appleworks rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer, if it translates at all.	appleworks	negative
first, you ll discover that the word processing program known as appleworks rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer, if it translates at all.	word processing program	negative
i already have a hp laptop i bought last year that's standard size.	size	neutral
battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery.	battery	negative
battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery.	battery	negative
apple has a reputation and is well known for its easy usage.	usage	positive
returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed (except for speaker grill) but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all.	speaker grill	negative
i just plug this into my 22" monitor and the speedy macosx performs just as well on this dual-core that my dell did with windows 7 with a quad-core.	macosx	positive
i just plug this into my 22" monitor and the speedy macosx performs just as well on this dual-core that my dell did with windows 7 with a quad-core.	windows 7	positive
i just plug this into my 22" monitor and the speedy macosx performs just as well on this dual-core that my dell did with windows 7 with a quad-core.	dual-core	neutral
i just plug this into my 22" monitor and the speedy macosx performs just as well on this dual-core that my dell did with windows 7 with a quad-core.	quad-core	neutral
i just plug this into my 22" monitor and the speedy macosx performs just as well on this dual-core that my dell did with windows 7 with a quad-core.	22" monitor	neutral
love the graphics, awesome programs (including garageband), and really cool default background.	graphics	positive
love the graphics, awesome programs (including garageband), and really cool default background.	programs	positive
love the graphics, awesome programs (including garageband), and really cool default background.	garageband	positive
love the graphics, awesome programs (including garageband), and really cool default background.	default background	positive
screen, keyboard, and mouse if you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.	screen	neutral
screen, keyboard, and mouse if you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.	keyboard	neutral
screen, keyboard, and mouse if you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.	screen	positive
screen, keyboard, and mouse if you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.	island backlit keyboard	positive
screen, keyboard, and mouse if you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.	multi-touch mouse	positive
screen, keyboard, and mouse if you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.	mouse	neutral
the os takes some getting used to especially after being a windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it!	os	conflict
the os takes some getting used to especially after being a windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it!	windows	neutral
i also purchased iwork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to microsoft office).	iwork	neutral
i also purchased iwork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to microsoft office).	programs	neutral
i also purchased iwork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to microsoft office).	microsoft office	neutral
i also purchased iwork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to microsoft office).	word processing	neutral
i also purchased iwork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to microsoft office).	spreadsheets	neutral
i also purchased iwork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to microsoft office).	presentations	neutral
overall, i experienced a huge change in that my mac runs pretty fast compared to my old pc.	runs	positive
when i got the computer back and realizwed it still was not correct hp told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem.	warranty	neutral
it also came with a built it web cam which is great because i can see an communicate with my family members back home.	built it web cam	positive
good monitor and performed well.	monitor	positive
good monitor and performed well.	performed	positive
it was secure and easy to navigate.	navigate	positive
i was a little weary at purchasing another 13" macbook almost 2 years later but t looks like the newer macbooks have gotten its current line of graphics cards in order this time around.	graphics cards	positive
the machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your hdtv.	bluray player	neutral
the machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your hdtv.	book	negative
they are by far the easiest systems to actually learn about computers with.	systems	positive
this apple navigates you thru the unexplored world of the internet.	internet	neutral
the video card is great for media, and above average for gaming, but not a gamers first choice.	video card	conflict
the video card is great for media, and above average for gaming, but not a gamers first choice.	gaming	positive
the video card is great for media, and above average for gaming, but not a gamers first choice.	media	positive
i had of course bought a 3 year warranty, so i sent it in to be replaced and (almost 2 months later) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement.	3 year warranty	neutral
apparently there is a manufacturing defect, something with the amount of thermal paste.	thermal paste	negative
despite the claims of the apple apologists (a vice of which i am recently myself reformed) the internals of mac laptops are no different from pcs' at this point.	internals	negative
took several hours with customer support before i could even start the pc out of the box.	customer support	negative
asus facial recognition doesn't work and windows logon isn't either.	facial recognition	negative
asus facial recognition doesn't work and windows logon isn't either.	windows logon	negative
windows vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service.	windows vista	negative
windows vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service.	online service	negative
i contacted acer and they are giving me free recovery dvds, so don't go and pay for them, just ask for them and they should give them to you.	recovery dvds	positive
now when i order i did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard i wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when i use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag.	webcam	neutral
now when i order i did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard i wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when i use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag.	keyboard	neutral
now when i order i did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard i wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when i use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag.	carry	positive
can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display.	display	positive
otherwise, all other features are a 1	features	neutral
the performance is awesome.	performance	positive
the display is beyond horrible.	display	negative
there is hardly any memory on the computer's hard drive.	memory	negative
there is hardly any memory on the computer's hard drive.	hard drive	negative
actually, i had noticed the one on the sales floor also didn't have sound!	sound	negative
next, most acer laptop fans are on the bottom which is right on your laptop.	fans	neutral
the laptop preformed pretty well.	preformed	positive
i got my macbook pro because i wanted to do all the stuff i need to do without worrying about the system quitting on me or freezing for a few minutes.	system	neutral
i loved the netbook (minus the fact that it was windows os) until this started happening.	windows os	negative
the minute you fire it up it's all good, very easy user interface.	user interface	positive
i actually contact toshiba before i started having problem and was given run around after i supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired.	warrenty	negative
theres also idvd, a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together- photos, recordings, video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents, family, siblings, and any other person important in your life that there may be.	idvd	positive
theres also idvd, a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together- photos, recordings, video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents, family, siblings, and any other person important in your life that there may be.	program	positive
theres also idvd, a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together- photos, recordings, video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents, family, siblings, and any other person important in your life that there may be.	program	positive
after replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working (3 months of use) which was frustrating.	hard drive	neutral
after replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working (3 months of use) which was frustrating.	battery	negative
i love the easy to see screen, and it works well for work, persoal or just play.	screen	positive
i love the easy to see screen, and it works well for work, persoal or just play.	works	positive
if what you need is a machine to do some surfing, email checking, word processing, and watching a movie or two, this is the machine you want.	word processing	neutral
if what you need is a machine to do some surfing, email checking, word processing, and watching a movie or two, this is the machine you want.	surfing	neutral
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i've ever seen.	mouse pad	negative
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i've ever seen.	buttons	negative
awesome graphics!	graphics	positive
it really is perfect for work and play.	play	positive
it really is perfect for work and play.	work	positive
the pro is a great product, i wish that the 13 inch models came with the intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).	intel i processors	negative
the pro is a great product, i wish that the 13 inch models came with the intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).	edge	negative
the pro is a great product, i wish that the 13 inch models came with the intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).	edges	negative
one drawback i noticed was sound quality via usb.	sound quality via usb	negative
the battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were sol there to, so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased.	battery life	negative
the battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were sol there to, so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased.	warranty	negative
the battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were sol there to, so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased.	extended life battery	conflict
i have had another mac, but it got slow due to an older operating system.	operating system	negative
that's very possible, but since they don't make windows xp drivers for the sound card in this machine, i was stuck until windows 7 came out.	windows xp drivers	negative
that's very possible, but since they don't make windows xp drivers for the sound card in this machine, i was stuck until windows 7 came out.	sound card	negative
that's very possible, but since they don't make windows xp drivers for the sound card in this machine, i was stuck until windows 7 came out.	windows 7	positive
i'ts nice to have the higher-end laptops, but this fits my budget and the features i need.	features	positive
i'ts nice to have the higher-end laptops, but this fits my budget and the features i need.	budget	positive
was disappointed to find out that the model had been discontinued, apparently because of known motherboard problems.	motherboard	negative
well, i started using google chrome, which is a little better, but it freezes too sometimes.	google chrome	conflict
also the speakers are not very loud, but it is a netbook.	speakers	negative
love this laptop wonderful price for what you get!	price	positive
just a black screen!	screen	negative
a key contributor that led me to mac is the art aspect.	art aspect	positive
eventually my battery wouldn't charge, so unless i had it plugged in it wouldn't even power on.	battery	negative
purchased for development purposes, but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing, e-mail, etc.	surfing	positive
my first problem was with the pre-loaded norton firewall security program.	pre-loaded norton firewall security program	negative
i had a usb connect but, i can't use it because it is not compatible.	usb connect	negative
accordingly, i have decided to never purchase another hp product (my five year old compaq) lasted 5-years before the hard drive crashed.	hard drive	negative
i know that everyone thinks macs are overpriced and overrated, but once you get past the initial expense you'll find that they're worth every penny (besides, there's always the financing plan that best buy offers).	expense	negative
i am not going to sit here and complain about it not having a cd drive and what not because it is a netbook, it is made to be compact and if you want all the other stuff get a laptop.	cd drive	conflict
i love the multi-touch trackpad.	multi-touch trackpad	positive
hp is more interested in selling extended warranties (which cost more than the netbook new) then they are in helping or fixing.	extended warranties	negative
hp is more interested in selling extended warranties (which cost more than the netbook new) then they are in helping or fixing.	cost	negative
not too much "junk" software to remove.	software	positive
system is loosing about 20% of performance because of that.	performance	negative
system is loosing about 20% of performance because of that.	system	negative
it is easy to use, good quality and good price.	quality	positive
it is easy to use, good quality and good price.	price	positive
it is easy to use, good quality and good price.	use	positive
the difference in the apple keyboard from a pc's keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to, but overall it's worth it!	apple keyboard	neutral
the difference in the apple keyboard from a pc's keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to, but overall it's worth it!	pc's keyboard	neutral
the extended warranty for the $4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu.	extended warranty	neutral
only issue is that it is a little slow, and i'm fixing that by adding more ram.	ram	neutral
the hard drive crashed as well, and i had to buy a new power cord.	hard drive	negative
the hard drive crashed as well, and i had to buy a new power cord.	power cord	negative
another issue i have with it is the battery.	battery	negative
after 2 months of complaints, asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies.	power supply	neutral
after 2 months of complaints, asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies.	techies	neutral
that included the extra sony sonic stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer i got (that was worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the docking port.	sony sonic stage software	neutral
that included the extra sony sonic stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer i got (that was worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the docking port.	speakers	positive
that included the extra sony sonic stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer i got (that was worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the docking port.	subwoofer	positive
that included the extra sony sonic stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer i got (that was worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the docking port.	extended life battery	neutral
that included the extra sony sonic stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer i got (that was worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the docking port.	docking port	neutral
that included the extra sony sonic stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer i got (that was worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the docking port.	bluetooth mouse	neutral
that included the extra sony sonic stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer i got (that was worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the docking port.	bluetooth enabled	negative
my macbook pro works like a dream, it has never overheated, or even been slightly warm for that matter.	works	positive
pc users use the powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and mac users utilize keynote.	keynote	neutral
pc users use the powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and mac users utilize keynote.	powerpoint program	neutral
i get a ton of compliments on its size, and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus, i can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you're restricted to the width of your body for computing room.	size	positive
i get a ton of compliments on its size, and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus, i can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you're restricted to the width of your body for computing room.	size	positive
it takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site, then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works.	browser	neutral
easy to carry, can be taken anywhere, can be hooked up to printers,headsets.	carry	positive
also the keyboard does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard.	keyboard	negative
also the keyboard does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard.	keyboard	negative
when i got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then i started expeirencing issues again, everything from programs and drivers failing again, to it powering off for no reason, to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues.	programs	negative
when i got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then i started expeirencing issues again, everything from programs and drivers failing again, to it powering off for no reason, to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues.	drivers	negative
love that it doesn't take up space like a regular computer.	space	positive
asked the customer service rep.	customer service rep	neutral
so, i took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up.	genius bar staff	negative
so, i took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up.	fan	neutral
so, i took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up.	boot up	neutral
just keep in mind the graphics is not dedicated so loading the movie almost took a minute, but it ran fairly smooth for a non-dedicated graphics card.	graphics	conflict
just keep in mind the graphics is not dedicated so loading the movie almost took a minute, but it ran fairly smooth for a non-dedicated graphics card.	non-dedicated graphics card	conflict
needs power and mouse cable to plug in back instead of side, in the way of operating a mouse in small area.	mouse cable	negative
needs power and mouse cable to plug in back instead of side, in the way of operating a mouse in small area.	mouse	negative
-4 ram slots, 2 hdd bays , 16gb ram support -no wireless issues, at least for me.	ram slots	neutral
-4 ram slots, 2 hdd bays , 16gb ram support -no wireless issues, at least for me.	hdd bays	neutral
-4 ram slots, 2 hdd bays , 16gb ram support -no wireless issues, at least for me.	16gb ram support	neutral
-4 ram slots, 2 hdd bays , 16gb ram support -no wireless issues, at least for me.	wireless	positive
i agree with the previous comment that asus tech support is horrible which is a con in my opinion.	asus tech support	negative
in fact, somehow (and i never opened it up) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently, behind the front of the screen, in the way of the display.	screen	negative
in fact, somehow (and i never opened it up) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently, behind the front of the screen, in the way of the display.	screen	negative
in fact, somehow (and i never opened it up) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently, behind the front of the screen, in the way of the display.	display	negative
the mouse on the pad, the left button always sticks.	mouse on the pad	neutral
the mouse on the pad, the left button always sticks.	left button	negative
i have tried to charge on different batteries with no luck.	batteries	negative
i would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop, and the battery life is amazing.	battery life	positive
we use the built in tools often, itunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iphone.	built in tools	neutral
we use the built in tools often, itunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iphone.	itunes	positive
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming.	size	positive
true quality at a great price!	quality	positive
true quality at a great price!	price	positive
not easy to carry.	carry	negative
the programs that come standard with the leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics.	programs	positive
the programs that come standard with the leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics.	leopard running system	neutral
so what am i supposed to do? the lg service center cannot provide me the "service" when it is called the "service center".	lg service center	negative
so what am i supposed to do? the lg service center cannot provide me the "service" when it is called the "service center".	service center	negative
so what am i supposed to do? the lg service center cannot provide me the "service" when it is called the "service center".	service	negative
the material this pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any pc specs like i said this performs a lot better than any computer i've had in the past.	material	positive
the material this pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any pc specs like i said this performs a lot better than any computer i've had in the past.	specs	negative
the material this pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any pc specs like i said this performs a lot better than any computer i've had in the past.	performs	positive
after doing extensive research, macconnection had the lowest price on the 15" mbp i5.	price	positive
i am addicted to photo booth!	photo booth	positive
the operating system and user interface is very intuitive, and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing.	operating system	positive
the operating system and user interface is very intuitive, and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing.	user interface	positive
the operating system and user interface is very intuitive, and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing.	multi-touch track pad	positive
hard disk - the new editions gives you more hard disk space (500gb instead of 320gb) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk.	hard disk	neutral
hard disk - the new editions gives you more hard disk space (500gb instead of 320gb) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk.	hard disk space	positive
hard disk - the new editions gives you more hard disk space (500gb instead of 320gb) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk.	internal hard disk	neutral
it is extremely portable and easily connects to wifi at the library and elsewhere.	connects to wifi	positive
first things first, macbook pro has many applications to make life easier, unlike the windows computers.	applications	positive
first things first, macbook pro has many applications to make life easier, unlike the windows computers.	windows	negative
and the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing for high quality videos and movies and gaming.	screen	positive
and the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing for high quality videos and movies and gaming.	gaming	positive
i considered i may have too much on the computer, but after looking, there was plenty of space and that is not the issue.	space	positive
i don't use my laptop in a way though that needs a long battery life so it's perfect for me.	battery life	conflict
i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a charge for longer than four minutes.	charge	negative
summary i've had this laptop for 2 months, out of the blue the power adapter stops working.	power adapter	negative
i saw walmart had the same computer for about $650 but still knowing what i know now,i would not buy it at that price.	price	negative
of course, for a student, weight is always an issue.	weight	neutral
now mainboard is broken, have to wait for a new one.	mainboard	negative
the speed difference is next to nothing for a mac, and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $60 500gb external hard drive.	speed	negative
the speed difference is next to nothing for a mac, and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $60 500gb external hard drive.	hard drive	neutral
the speed difference is next to nothing for a mac, and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $60 500gb external hard drive.	500gb external hard drive	neutral
2.the wireless card is low quality.	wireless card	negative
they also use two totally different operating systems.	operating systems	neutral
they are about the same size keys.	keys	neutral
i wasn't really as concerned about portability (it's a very large laptop) but it's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise.	portability	conflict
the people are frustrating to work with, the product itself is very cheaply made, and the accessories are less than satisfactory.	accessories	negative
they offer the best warranty in the business, and don't 3rd party it out like toshiba.	warranty	positive
the only problems are the sound isnt very loud i have to wear headphones.	sound	negative
again- windows based machines were not giving me anything to work with!	windows	negative
everything about a mac is wonderful, it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new system, but you will learn fast and its all worth it.	system	neutral
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it.	size	positive
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it.	games	neutral
you know, using the computer should be fun, not aggrevation, especially when you are playing games or working with photos.	playing games	neutral
there are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a windows computer.	windows	negative
to be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk.	equipment	negative
i also love the small, convenient size of my laptop, making it a perfect tool for my academic studies.	size	positive
i love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).	build	positive
i love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).	wt	positive
i love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).	battery life	positive
while about 8 years ago, i hope that the quality has changed.	quality	negative
the difference is it's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now, still learning the apple navigation, but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps.	apple navigation	neutral
the difference is it's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now, still learning the apple navigation, but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps.	apps	positive
-i propose that i can just swap the hard drives.	hard drives	neutral
the battery holds up well, it's built very solidly, and runs fast.	battery	positive
the battery holds up well, it's built very solidly, and runs fast.	built	positive
the battery holds up well, it's built very solidly, and runs fast.	runs	positive
sound card is limited though.	sound card	negative
this is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life.	processing power	positive
this is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life.	battery life	positive
this is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life.	sized	positive
the only thing i can imagine is that sony jumped on early specifications for vista requirements from microsoft and designed it to those inadequate requirements.	vista	negative
the keyboard, which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard, now looks terrible.	keyboard	conflict
the keyboard, which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard, now looks terrible.	desktop keyboard	neutral
the display is awesome.	display	positive
the mouse is a little bit different than what you're used to though- it has one big flat panel and one full bar (instead of two separate ones) to click with- but you get used to it quite quickly.	mouse	conflict
it took several weeks just to get them to acknowledge that i owned the warranty.	warranty	negative
the keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard.	keyboard	neutral
the keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard.	keyboard	neutral
-computer crashed frequently and battery life decreased very quickly.	battery life	negative
-i propose that they can just swap the hard drives.	hard drives	neutral
every driver on the drivers applications dvd is everything you will need for a reload.	driver	positive
every driver on the drivers applications dvd is everything you will need for a reload.	drivers applications dvd	positive
i called their repair depot as was told they would send me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot.	repair depot	neutral
i called their repair depot as was told they would send me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot.	repair depot	neutral
it's also fairly easy to use the operating system.	operating system	positive
i know that asus is known for making motherboards, but this is the worst computer experience that i have ever had.	motherboards	conflict
we figure that after everything his pc actually ended up costing $350 more than my original mac.	costing	negative
so having the ac plug go out on me and get lose or i could actually here it inside my computer on two of the three times is not good.	ac plug	negative
peformance is good for the price.	peformance	positive
peformance is good for the price.	price	positive
the computer is currently in west verginia doe to the method of shipping choosen by toshiba.	shipping	negative
summary hp knew they were shipping out bad bios and did nothing proactive to resolve it.	bios	negative
i had 3 months when the ports started going out.	ports	negative
the improvements to the os have been relatively gradual, but substantive.	os	positive
it is super easy to use.	use	positive
many of my classmates computers hard drives crashed.	hard drives	negative
ease of use is just one of the benefits i love about my mac.	use	positive
i wouldn't play a first-person shooter with this, mind, but if you wanted to run ms office, email, chat, download a video, listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store, and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in, i'd highly recommend checking this out.	ms office	neutral
the 13" macbook pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to ca this is the best price we can get for a great product.	shipping	positive
the 13" macbook pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to ca this is the best price we can get for a great product.	price	positive
the 13" macbook pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to ca this is the best price we can get for a great product.	budget	positive
the sheer power and flexibility makes the macbook pro a must have for any techie!	power	positive
the sheer power and flexibility makes the macbook pro a must have for any techie!	flexibility	positive
the notebook is lacking a hdmi port and a s-video port that would enable one to hook it to a tv.	hdmi port	negative
the notebook is lacking a hdmi port and a s-video port that would enable one to hook it to a tv.	s-video port	negative
the speakers on it are useless too.	speakers	negative
battery is lasting about 6 hours as i am surfing the web on sundays while checking football scores and watching funny youtube videos.	battery	neutral
battery is lasting about 6 hours as i am surfing the web on sundays while checking football scores and watching funny youtube videos.	surfing the web	neutral
iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites.	iphoto	positive
in early may i got it back and this time i only had it back for 1 day before it had a new issue so it was sent back in for the 6th time they "expedited" the repairs so i was only supposed to have to be without it for 3 days and it was supposed to be fixed, by a "senior tech".	senior tech	negative
some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.	volume wheel	negative
some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.	sound quality	negative
some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.	features	negative
a cheaper price should not equal a "cheap" product.	price	positive
i think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive, but i rather have a hard copy.	manual	neutral
i think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive, but i rather have a hard copy.	hard drive	neutral
thank you best buy for putting my computer together and installing my first software - you guys were great too!	software	neutral
adjust the sensitivity since it's not that responsive to begin with.	sensitivity	negative
after a couple of years, my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery.	battery life	conflict
after a couple of years, my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery.	battery	negative
the system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that i use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.	battery life	negative
the system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that i use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.	case	negative
the system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that i use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.	core applications	negative
the system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that i use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.	system	negative
later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months.	charge	negative
the company sent me a whole new cord overnight and apologized.	cord	positive
it's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks.	hook up to other wireless networks	positive
also, i have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines.	shift key	negative
the rep did not even answer my question, i had to ask him, if he understood what i ask or if he spoke english because he didn't even try to acknowledge my question.	rep	negative
it gives me the power and speed that i need to run all the programs i use to edit.	power	positive
it gives me the power and speed that i need to run all the programs i use to edit.	speed	positive
it gives me the power and speed that i need to run all the programs i use to edit.	programs	neutral
ilife is easily compatible with microsoft office so you can send and receive files from a pc.	ilife	positive
ilife is easily compatible with microsoft office so you can send and receive files from a pc.	microsoft office	neutral
as a computer science student in college, i find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more	portability	positive
as a computer science student in college, i find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more	longevity	positive
as a computer science student in college, i find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more	use	positive
again i sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside.	motherboard	neutral
again i sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside.	fan	neutral
fully charged, the macbook pro can last about five hours unplugged.	charged	positive
even though it is much more expensive than many pc laptops, it is worth the price.	price	conflict
i know there are way better laptops out there for the same price, and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls.	price	neutral
for me, keys were starting to get stuck and wouldn't type very well.	keys	negative
can't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers.	standard os cd	negative
can't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers.	proprietary hardware drivers	negative
there is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle, and when i click on it it says " consider replacing your battery" and it does not hold full charge.	battery	neutral
there is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle, and when i click on it it says " consider replacing your battery" and it does not hold full charge.	charge	negative
the computer was two weeks late in delivery because hp forgot to complete the required import paperwork.	delivery	negative
the first programm i switched on was a game for my children.	programm	neutral
i have been very pleased with the performance of this laptop.	performance	positive
i bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (internet focused activity mail, research, etc.) is excellent	battery life	positive
i bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (internet focused activity mail, research, etc.) is excellent	response	positive
i bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (internet focused activity mail, research, etc.) is excellent	internet focused activity	neutral
its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer.	features	neutral
it is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed.	charges	positive
also you may need to charge it once a day, if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it.	size	positive
also you may need to charge it once a day, if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it.	look	positive
also you may need to charge it once a day, if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it.	feature	positive
also you may need to charge it once a day, if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it.	charge	neutral
( the ibook backup also uses a firewire connection).	ibook backup	neutral
( the ibook backup also uses a firewire connection).	firewire connection	neutral
i did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements, but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before i purchased.	camera	neutral
i did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements, but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before i purchased.	specifications	neutral
also the display is exceptional!	display	positive
the computer was shipped to their repair depot on june 24 and returned on july 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned.	repair depot	neutral
learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on windows machines.	keyboard shortcuts	positive
learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on windows machines.	shortcuts	neutral
little short on ram but you get what you pay for.	ram	negative
it didn't come with any software installed outside of windows media, but for the price, i was very pleased with the condition and the overall product.	software	negative
it didn't come with any software installed outside of windows media, but for the price, i was very pleased with the condition and the overall product.	windows media	neutral
it didn't come with any software installed outside of windows media, but for the price, i was very pleased with the condition and the overall product.	price	positive
then, one month after the warranty expired, the replacement charger went.	warranty	neutral
then, one month after the warranty expired, the replacement charger went.	replacement charger	negative
i love a "pc" but i was ready for a change and tired of the windows system.	windows system	negative
your cursor will end up all over the freaking place,,,it's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words, sentences, paragraphs because of this mousepad.	cursor	negative
your cursor will end up all over the freaking place,,,it's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words, sentences, paragraphs because of this mousepad.	mousepad	negative
other installed features, such as certain printer software, are also most attractive.	features	positive
other installed features, such as certain printer software, are also most attractive.	printer software	positive
i work in film editing and post production, so i need a laptop that not only has power, but memory and speed as well.	power	neutral
i work in film editing and post production, so i need a laptop that not only has power, but memory and speed as well.	memory	neutral
i work in film editing and post production, so i need a laptop that not only has power, but memory and speed as well.	speed	neutral
it had a seventeen inch screen which i wanted, but i didn't realize at the time it would be such a monster!	seventeen inch screen	conflict
even doing so, the hinge may just be slightly tightened only.	hinge	neutral
company provides ups shipping, fast, great!	shipping	positive
i would tell the technician i knew exactly what was wrong with it but they did not listen and i had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me i needed to send the computer in.	technician	negative
then i've fixed the dc jack (inside the unit), rewired the dc jack to the outside of the laptop, replaced the power brick.	dc jack	neutral
then i've fixed the dc jack (inside the unit), rewired the dc jack to the outside of the laptop, replaced the power brick.	dc jack	neutral
then i've fixed the dc jack (inside the unit), rewired the dc jack to the outside of the laptop, replaced the power brick.	power brick	neutral
it is easy to use, has great screen quality, and every so light weight.	screen quality	positive
it is easy to use, has great screen quality, and every so light weight.	use	positive
great product, very easy to use and great graphics.	graphics	positive
great product, very easy to use and great graphics.	use	positive
the ilife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product.	ilife software	positive
the ilife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product.	use	positive
the built-in webcam is great for skype and similar video-chat services.	built-in webcam	positive
the shop will definitely push the problem to the service center.	service center	neutral
pc users work in word, while mac users work in pages.	word	neutral
pc users work in word, while mac users work in pages.	pages	neutral
while i mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, i'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard i've come to appreciate from mac laptops.	applications	positive
while i mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, i'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard i've come to appreciate from mac laptops.	internet	neutral
while i mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, i'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard i've come to appreciate from mac laptops.	gaming	neutral
this laptop looks great on the surface 17" inch screen, good price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.	17" inch screen	positive
this laptop looks great on the surface 17" inch screen, good price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.	price-point	positive
this laptop looks great on the surface 17" inch screen, good price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.	appearance	positive
this laptop looks great on the surface 17" inch screen, good price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.	boots up	positive
this laptop looks great on the surface 17" inch screen, good price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.	runs	positive
the apple systems are over priced luxurys that arn't worth what they are being charged for, this model's specifications are far from being impressive and they only thing you get out of this is the apple name.	specifications	negative
pros the macbook pro notebook has a large battery life and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so.	battery life	positive
disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price	screen	positive
disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price	price	positive
the only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible.	batteries	negative
good price.	price	positive
the motherboard is dead !	motherboard	negative
the speed is fine.	speed	positive
hmmm - that high failure rate sure isn't reflected in the retail price.	retail price	negative
it was not clear that the microsoft student edition that was loaded on the computer, was a six month trial.	microsoft student edition	negative
good for every day computing and web browsing.	web browsing	positive
good for every day computing and web browsing.	every day computing	positive
while lacking some of the functions of the other versions, this was very acceptable for the uses planned for this computer.	functions	conflict
also, i have had alot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly.	keys	negative
excellent led monitor and well equipped.	led monitor	positive
this process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times.	mother board	negative
this process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times.	hard drive	negative
without a doubt, the design of this laptop is fantastic.	design	positive
i couldn't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge.	battery	positive
i couldn't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge.	charge	positive
i could save ten essay papers and have hardly any memory left.	memory	negative
other than that, i would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities.	gaming	positive
this is the first time that i tried and owning a netbook although i have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years, i find not much difference except of course for the screen size.	screen size	neutral
but the biggest pain is that tech support is not available 24 7.	tech support	negative
the backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark.	backlit keys	positive
i chose the ibookg4, a laptop that is an attractive computer with a large screen big enough to please anyone.	screen	positive
the most recent being that my safari internet browser is freaking out on me, but i have just been using firefox instead.	safari internet browser	negative
the most recent being that my safari internet browser is freaking out on me, but i have just been using firefox instead.	firefox	positive
everything about the mac is not only visually appealing, but very easy to use.	use	positive
i know what 7 hrs of battery looks like.	battery	positive
i did not have to call the support line at all.	support line	neutral
the laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the windows 7 starter and not the full windows 7.	windows 7 starter	negative
the laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the windows 7 starter and not the full windows 7.	windows 7	positive
the first problem is that the keyboard function is simply unsatisfactory.	keyboard function	negative
the dvd drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well, which is annoying.	dvd drive	negative
garageband is more for the musicians, and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone, good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level.	garageband	neutral
garageband is more for the musicians, and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone, good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level.	microphone	positive
i dual boot with linux and that other security-prone os and it performs flawlessly.	linux	neutral
i dual boot with linux and that other security-prone os and it performs flawlessly.	security-prone os	neutral
i dual boot with linux and that other security-prone os and it performs flawlessly.	performs	positive
the difference is the toshiba had a lot more memory and hard drive space.	memory	positive
the difference is the toshiba had a lot more memory and hard drive space.	hard drive space	positive
there was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system can't be used with the ibook.	firewire cable system	negative
there was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system can't be used with the ibook.	ibook	neutral
seems like maybe a bad shipment from toshiba.	shipment	negative
os x is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time.	os x	positive
os x is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time.	quicklook	positive
but other than that i am blown away by all the features this laptop offers.	features	positive
the keyboard is slick and quiet and not bulky like some other laptops i have had in the past.	keyboard	positive
overall, this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from.	design	positive
overall, this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from.	colors	positive
first the screen goes completely out.	screen	negative
i'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages.	mousepad	positive
i'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages.	browsing	positive
the photobooth is a great program, it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera.	photobooth	positive
the photobooth is a great program, it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera.	program	positive
the photobooth is a great program, it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera.	built-in camera	positive
many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and cannot be downloaded.	software	negative
i had to pay for the shipping!	shipping	negative
it bluescreened on me without any warning, running simply basic chrome.	chrome	negative
i took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops.	prices	neutral
we researched and found the best price at macconnection.	price	positive
but guess what? (you have to buy an external dvd drive it doesn't have a built in type) the notebook can't be used because it doesn't read anything for an external drive.	external dvd drive	negative
but guess what? (you have to buy an external dvd drive it doesn't have a built in type) the notebook can't be used because it doesn't read anything for an external drive.	external drive	negative
get this computer for portability and fast processing!!!	portability	positive
get this computer for portability and fast processing!!!	processing	positive
i use a cooling pad but it doesn't help.	cooling pad	negative
supplied software the software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what windows comes with.	supplied software	neutral
supplied software the software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what windows comes with.	software	positive
supplied software the software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what windows comes with.	windows	negative
i'm tired of the inept service.	service	negative
garageband is easy to work with, like all the other apple applications i've had experience with.	garageband	positive
garageband is easy to work with, like all the other apple applications i've had experience with.	apple applications	positive
no, tey don't even support their own bios and it "could be a problem with the bios" how can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity??!!	bios	negative
no, tey don't even support their own bios and it "could be a problem with the bios" how can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity??!!	bios	negative
because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time, we are on the hook for the repair.	extended warranty	negative
it started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in (mousing over the battery icon would read, for example, "74%, plugged in, not charging"), requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge.	charging	negative
it started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in (mousing over the battery icon would read, for example, "74%, plugged in, not charging"), requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge.	charge	negative
it started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in (mousing over the battery icon would read, for example, "74%, plugged in, not charging"), requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge.	charge	neutral
this laptop looked brand new and was shipped very quickly.	shipped	positive
info windows failed to load because the kernal is missing, or corrupt.	windows	negative
info windows failed to load because the kernal is missing, or corrupt.	kernal	negative
the display on this computer is the best i've seen in a very long time, the battery life is very long and very convienent.	display	positive
the display on this computer is the best i've seen in a very long time, the battery life is very long and very convienent.	battery life	positive
but the quality, in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop.	quality	negative
in the first moth of owning this computer its hardrive failed which had to be replaced.	hardrive	negative
its also fun to use!	use	positive
the graphics and screen are stunning and although i was a pc person, i was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly.	graphics	positive
the graphics and screen are stunning and although i was a pc person, i was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly.	screen	positive
with the upgraded memory, the macbook pro never has an issue running many many applications at once!	upgraded memory	positive
with the upgraded memory, the macbook pro never has an issue running many many applications at once!	applications	neutral
with the upgraded memory, the macbook pro never has an issue running many many applications at once!	running	positive
simple to use, and great graphics.	graphics	positive
simple to use, and great graphics.	use	positive
the internet speed is spectacular.	internet speed	positive
they claim call center is still down.	call center	negative
mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free.	apps	positive
mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free.	programs	positive
my husband uses it mostly for games, email and music.	games	neutral
i just took the broken cords into the apple store and they gave me new ones.	cords	positive
apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth, they come loose.	screen	neutral
apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth, they come loose.	screen	neutral
being a pc user my whole life, it's taking a bit of time to adapt to the os of a mac but i'm finding my way around.	os	neutral
the computer will constantly be getting hot and burning your leg unless you go through the hassle of taking off the entire back of it just to clean out the fan.	fan	negative
i have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and "fixed" the edges by rounding them off.	edges	negative
downfalls sharp edges.	edges	negative
i needed one to be able to carry to work everyday and this one seems to fit all of the criteria.	carry	neutral
the screen is gorgeous - yummy good.	screen	positive
did i mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams bulk?	size	negative
did i mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams bulk?	weight	negative
did i mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams bulk?	keyboard	negative
i had it four months when my disc drive refused to open.	disc drive	negative
so, after apple replaced the hard drive i enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer, until it froze this morning--completely.	hard drive	neutral
once again, i was told it was the suspicious power supply problem.	power supply	negative
the macbook starts fast, doesn't crash, has a fantastic display, is small and light (i have the 13.3" model), and isn't always complaining about updates, lost connections, errors, blue screens, etc.	display	positive
the macbook starts fast, doesn't crash, has a fantastic display, is small and light (i have the 13.3" model), and isn't always complaining about updates, lost connections, errors, blue screens, etc.	starts	positive
unable to boot up this brand new laptop.	boot up	negative
in addition, all the design tools on pages and keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations.	pages	positive
in addition, all the design tools on pages and keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations.	keynotes	positive
i actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they finally agreed to replace it, (all of this in less than 1 1 2 years!	hard drive	negative
i actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they finally agreed to replace it, (all of this in less than 1 1 2 years!	mother board	negative
i actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they finally agreed to replace it, (all of this in less than 1 1 2 years!	dvd drive	negative
the guy then said that if i insist on having the hinge tightened, they can do it for me but i have to accept the condition after the "repair".	hinge	neutral
the port is secured to motherboard so when this happens you can't see the plug at all, it's just gone.	motherboard	neutral
the port is secured to motherboard so when this happens you can't see the plug at all, it's just gone.	port	neutral
the port is secured to motherboard so when this happens you can't see the plug at all, it's just gone.	plug	negative
i love the feel of the key board, as well as the trackpad.	key board	positive
i love the feel of the key board, as well as the trackpad.	trackpad	positive
now i have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the mac!	power	positive
now i have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the mac!	ease	positive
ease of use is just one of the benefits i love about my mac.	use	positive
-touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to.	touchpad	neutral
now the machine won't connect and toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in may but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now i'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since i bought the netbook.	connection card	neutral
now the machine won't connect and toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in may but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now i'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since i bought the netbook.	warranty	negative
now the machine won't connect and toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in may but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now i'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since i bought the netbook.	warranty	negative
but, buy this model and just purchase 4gb of ram (2x2gb for $92 or 1x4gb for $99), and save yourself $100 than the other model with 8gb of ram.	4gb of ram	neutral
but, buy this model and just purchase 4gb of ram (2x2gb for $92 or 1x4gb for $99), and save yourself $100 than the other model with 8gb of ram.	8gb of ram	neutral
if you're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game, you'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market.	game	neutral
browsing, also, was no problem for me when i used itunes ( which usually slows down my pc ).	browsing	positive
browsing, also, was no problem for me when i used itunes ( which usually slows down my pc ).	itunes	positive
again, decent comp for the price, and i was in need of one quickly as my other laptop died on me.	price	positive
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop.	setup	negative
my friend just had to replace his entire motherboard, so did my wife, and it looks like i will have to as well.	motherboard	negative
toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another, and i am not kidding you, i called different hours of the day and you'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again, since they make it sound like they don't have your history list of your calls right in front of them.	toshiba customer services	negative
quality display i was surprised with the performance and quality of this hp laptop.	quality display	positive
quality display i was surprised with the performance and quality of this hp laptop.	performance	positive
quality display i was surprised with the performance and quality of this hp laptop.	quality	positive
the battery life also doesn't keep up with the claim but still i think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack.	battery life	negative
the internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily.	internet capabilities	positive
its fast, has high definition quality in the videos.	high definition quality	positive
speakers don't get that loud, but good enough.	speakers	conflict
another great thing is the beast graphics.	beast graphics	positive
the ease of set up was terrific.	set up	positive
everything i have tried has worked and i never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.	wall charger	neutral
everything i have tried has worked and i never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.	battery	positive
screen is crystal clear, yes it's small - but it's a netbook!	screen	conflict
the battery life is probably an hour at best.	battery life	negative
this is a review of windows vista system.	windows vista system	neutral
cosmetically, the only thing they changed was 2 of the function keys at the top.	function keys	neutral
but sadly the replacement froze-up while updating the bios again and shut down and would not turn back on.	bios	negative
there's literally no way to make it sing with vista.	vista	negative
screen size is perfect for portable use in any environment.	screen size	positive
first, it does not have a push button to open the lid.	push button	negative
first, it does not have a push button to open the lid.	lid	neutral
i used to build my own desktops from the component parts, and recently my 7 year old pentium 4 with ht 1 gb ram sata desktop stopped working (this was a rock star 7 years ago).	pentium 4	neutral
i used to build my own desktops from the component parts, and recently my 7 year old pentium 4 with ht 1 gb ram sata desktop stopped working (this was a rock star 7 years ago).	1 gb ram	neutral
i now realize that my $900 would have been better spent on a windows laptop.	windows	positive
) and printing from either word processor is an adventure.	word processor	negative
after purchasing this thing, i find out that i need a special interface device to connect my camera, and that it cannot be purchased at the store - only on line.	interface device	negative
another included program that is laughable is the chess game.	included program	negative
yes, i thought the expese was a little much, but i now realize you get what you pay for.	expese	negative
it works great for general internet use, microsoft office apps, home bookkeeping, etc.	microsoft office apps	positive
it works great for general internet use, microsoft office apps, home bookkeeping, etc.	internet use	positive
the price was very good, and the product is top quality.	price	positive
the price was very good, and the product is top quality.	quality	positive
it played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly.	games	neutral
it played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly.	aero	neutral
after replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working (3 months of use) which was frustrating.	hard drive	neutral
after replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working (3 months of use) which was frustrating.	battery	negative
the screen almost looked like a barcode when it froze.	screen	negative
from the get-go, the m6809 was unsteady in its operation	operation	negative
its small enough where i can take it pretty much anywhere, but still has a big enough screen to get everything done.	screen	positive
it even has a great webcam, and skype works very well.	webcam	positive
it even has a great webcam, and skype works very well.	skype	positive
i love the solid machined aluminum frame, and the keyboard is the best of any laptop i've used.	machined aluminum frame	positive
i love the solid machined aluminum frame, and the keyboard is the best of any laptop i've used.	keyboard	positive
you can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover pc software that you absolutely cannot be without.	parallels type program	positive
you can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover pc software that you absolutely cannot be without.	software	positive
this computer i used daily nice compact design.	design	positive
the ati graphics card is a huge plus, definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a intel built-in card would have trouble with, such as half-life 2 or even world of warcraft.	ati graphics card	positive
the ati graphics card is a huge plus, definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a intel built-in card would have trouble with, such as half-life 2 or even world of warcraft.	intel built-in card	positive
the ati graphics card is a huge plus, definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a intel built-in card would have trouble with, such as half-life 2 or even world of warcraft.	games	neutral
it was hard to handle and operate at school.	handle	negative
it was hard to handle and operate at school.	operate	negative
it has easy to use features and all the speed and power i could ask for.	features	positive
it has easy to use features and all the speed and power i could ask for.	speed	positive
it has easy to use features and all the speed and power i could ask for.	power	positive
my power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership, so it was covered by the applecare warranty plan.	power supply cord	negative
my power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership, so it was covered by the applecare warranty plan.	applecare warranty plan	positive
i preferred the fit and feel of the 13 inch.	13 inch	positive
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --	power supply	negative
the screen takes some getting use to, because it is smaller than the laptop.	screen	negative
i regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use.	use	negative
the right speaker did not work.	right speaker	negative
dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture.	support	negative
the final cut pro on this laptop is so fast and easy, and i can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer, which is also a mac.	final cut pro	positive
the computer runs extremely slowly, whether opening word or my computer.	runs	negative
the mac snow leopard o s is extremely easy to use, although very different than win xp, visa or win7.	mac snow leopard o s	positive
the mac snow leopard o s is extremely easy to use, although very different than win xp, visa or win7.	win xp	neutral
the mac snow leopard o s is extremely easy to use, although very different than win xp, visa or win7.	visa	neutral
the mac snow leopard o s is extremely easy to use, although very different than win xp, visa or win7.	win7	neutral
the mac snow leopard o s is extremely easy to use, although very different than win xp, visa or win7.	use	positive
startup in about 30 seconds, shutdown in 2-4 seconds, resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds.	startup	neutral
startup in about 30 seconds, shutdown in 2-4 seconds, resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds.	shutdown	neutral
startup in about 30 seconds, shutdown in 2-4 seconds, resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds.	resume from sleep	neutral
the screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.	screen	positive
the screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.	keyboard	positive
the screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.	fit	positive
i have only had pcs with windows before so this takes a little getting use to.	windows	neutral
super fast processor and really nice graphics card..	processor	positive
super fast processor and really nice graphics card..	graphics card	positive
but sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because im used to my lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if i want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when i take photos and video.	size	positive
but sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because im used to my lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if i want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when i take photos and video.	external keyboard	neutral
but sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because im used to my lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if i want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when i take photos and video.	mouse	neutral
but sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because im used to my lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if i want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when i take photos and video.	monitor	neutral
the only objection i have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade.	windows 7 system	negative
i dislike the weight and size, cubersome.	weight	negative
i dislike the weight and size, cubersome.	size	negative
the wheel that turns the volume up and down doesn't work in real time.	wheel	negative
i cannot be happier with the service or product.	service	positive
i do transcription work on the side, and the flatline keyboard makes typing quick and easy as well.	flatline keyboard	positive
speakers doesn't sound that great.	speakers	negative
i love windows 7 but i can't give toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.	windows 7	positive
i love windows 7 but i can't give toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.	ergonomics	negative
i love windows 7 but i can't give toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.	connections	negative
after numerous calls to applecare tech support, i was directed to send in my computer	applecare tech support	negative
the "abuse" is that i pushed the power plug in too hard.	power plug	negative
the resolution on the screen is almost pure hd.	resolution on the screen	positive
with all the programs that came with it, such as ilife and iwork, i was set from the very beginning.	programs	neutral
with all the programs that came with it, such as ilife and iwork, i was set from the very beginning.	ilife	neutral
with all the programs that came with it, such as ilife and iwork, i was set from the very beginning.	iwork	neutral
not sure how i recommend it for quality gaming, as i have a desktop rig for that reason.	gaming	negative
great value, fast delivery- computer works as if brand new, no problems, very pleased	delivery	positive
great value, fast delivery- computer works as if brand new, no problems, very pleased	value	positive
the internet explorer was very slow from the very beginning.	internet explorer	negative
the ac power port becomes loose over time	ac power port	negative
as a user of a pc, i will will admit that the macbook pro has a better running system in which i found myself "getting the job done quicker.	running system	positive
there are no gold key numbers too intall programs, you must use the serial numbers that it does not accept and then things are limited as far a working because they are only good for a short time.	programs	negative
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself.	power supply	positive
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself.	power supply	negative
enjoy that toshib force and durability unparalleled	force	positive
enjoy that toshib force and durability unparalleled	durability	positive
which is great i am running vista business and scored a 5.x on the index i have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5's.	vista business	positive
i use the computer to basically check emails, surf the web, print coupons and for my college papers.	surf the web	neutral
we love the size of the screen, although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around.	size of the screen	positive
we love the size of the screen, although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around.	tote	positive
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault.	work	negative
i would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use, stylish, fun, awesome computer.	use	positive
the battery is irreplaceable.	battery	negative
if you want a little more custom ability, drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of win 7 and grab a 2gb stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more.	win 7	positive
if you want a little more custom ability, drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of win 7 and grab a 2gb stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more.	2gb stick of memory	positive
i have never really been big on downloading anything so i wasn't too worried about getting a virus, plus i thought i was protected by norton.	norton	negative
the internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used, and the command prompt would not work at all.	internet	negative
the internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used, and the command prompt would not work at all.	command prompt	negative
it's software and speed enable it to do amazing things.	software	positive
it's software and speed enable it to do amazing things.	speed	positive
could not keep up with me and finally the hard drive went out.	hard drive	negative
i am most impressed with the programming, including the iphoto.	programming	positive
i am most impressed with the programming, including the iphoto.	iphoto	positive
speakers too small to be of any real use.	speakers	negative
i upgraded it's ram to 2gb, i am very happy with it.	ram	positive
i purchased a toshiba satellite m60 (with harman kardon speakers!) in december of 2005.	speakers	positive
they should have included more memory on their computers if they knew vista would run slowly.	memory	negative
they should have included more memory on their computers if they knew vista would run slowly.	vista	negative
battery life could be better but overall for the price and toshiba's reputation for laptops it's great!	battery life	negative
battery life could be better but overall for the price and toshiba's reputation for laptops it's great!	price	positive
the battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.	battery	negative
the battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.	charge	negative
the battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.	charge	negative
after the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace.	warrenty	neutral
after the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace.	hard drive	negative
the windows 7 starter is, in my opinion, a great way to think about using your netbook basics, basics, basics.	windows 7 starter	positive
the neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons.	icon list	positive
the neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons.	desktop icons	negative
i purchased this netbook after my original toshiba laptop crashed right after the warranty expired.	warranty	negative
apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 macbook pro is a winning combination of price and performance.	price	positive
apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 macbook pro is a winning combination of price and performance.	performance	positive
apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 macbook pro is a winning combination of price and performance.	built	positive
apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 macbook pro is a winning combination of price and performance.	look	positive
the apple care has never failed me, and i expect it to be the same for this computer as well.	apple care	positive
the toshiba laptop i am using is easier to use than most i have tried.	use	positive
so i called compaq, and after being on the phone for 3 hours, i finally got a replacement which i shouldn't have had a problem getting since it was under warranty.	warranty	neutral
so we exchanged it for the same on and after 2 hours it didn't work.	work	negative
i love the size, keyboard, the functions.	size	positive
i love the size, keyboard, the functions.	keyboard	positive
i love the size, keyboard, the functions.	functions	positive
the mouse is way way way to sensitve.	mouse	negative
the os is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly.	os	positive
the os is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly.	run	positive
also, i issued a replacement rma for a few dead pixels in the upper zone of the screen, which is noticable to me.	screen	negative
after way too many times sending the thing in for repairs (delivery service was slow, and without the laptop i had no access to the internet, and thus no way of tracking it to find out when i might hope to see my computer again), it finally kicked the bucket after just over 2 years.	delivery service	negative
my friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.	performance	positive
my friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.	picture quality	positive
my friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.	use	positive
the i3 processor doesn't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on.	i3 processor	positive
the i3 processor doesn't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on.	fan	positive
the battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.	battery	negative
the battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.	charge	negative
the battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.	charge	negative
another three weeks later i had my laptop back with a new mousepad, keys, and casing.	mousepad	neutral
another three weeks later i had my laptop back with a new mousepad, keys, and casing.	keys	neutral
another three weeks later i had my laptop back with a new mousepad, keys, and casing.	casing	neutral
see when it comes to laptops you buy it and get just a normal operating system with trials of must need stuff that should come with it.	operating system	neutral
the only thing i don't understand is that the resolution of the screen isn't high enough for some pages, such as yahoo!mail.	resolution of the screen	negative
the only thing i wish this had was the option to turn off the touchpad with a button like my big 16" laptop does.	touchpad	negative
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent...	battery life	positive
the machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely.	boot up	negative
this is great if you have several lectures back to back and don't have a chance to charge during one of the lectures.	charge	positive
i wish toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the os at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff.	os	neutral
the screen brightness automatically adjusts.	screen brightness	neutral
i especially like the backlit keyboard.	backlit keyboard	positive
besides the great look, it is a great machine.	look	positive
my laptop cost approximately $2,300 and died after only 2-years, 10-months and 18-days of use.	cost	negative
the sound is a bit quiet if you're on a plane, this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones.	sound	negative
(the sata controller is the motherboard chip that lets the cpu talk to the hard drive.)	sata controller	neutral
(the sata controller is the motherboard chip that lets the cpu talk to the hard drive.)	motherboard chip	neutral
(the sata controller is the motherboard chip that lets the cpu talk to the hard drive.)	cpu	neutral
(the sata controller is the motherboard chip that lets the cpu talk to the hard drive.)	hard drive	neutral
the buttons you have to press a little harder than most.	buttons	negative
the battery life was supposed to be 6 hours, but even if i ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours.	battery life	negative
the battery life was supposed to be 6 hours, but even if i ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours.	battery	neutral
the battery life was supposed to be 6 hours, but even if i ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours.	battery	negative
right size and weight for portability.	size	positive
right size and weight for portability.	weight	positive
right size and weight for portability.	portability	positive
the battery life also doesn't keep up with the claim but still i think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack.	battery life	negative
it was loaded with windows vista home premium--delivered with only 1gb of ram, and it was a dog .	windows vista home premium	neutral
it was loaded with windows vista home premium--delivered with only 1gb of ram, and it was a dog .	1gb of ram	negative
the reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me (i prefer it dark) or if you can crank up the brightness.	display	negative
the reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me (i prefer it dark) or if you can crank up the brightness.	brightness	neutral
my one complaint with this laptop is that i've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in.	electronic fuzz sound	negative
my one complaint with this laptop is that i've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in.	headphone jack	negative
while it was highly rated, would i like it? i tried the keyboard at the store, and it seemed ok.	keyboard	neutral
treat yourself to a more expensive, long-lasting laptop of quality like a sony, apple, or toshiba.	quality	positive
i have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free, even without the warranty.	warranty	neutral
was searching online for a power supply when i found this site.	power supply	neutral
but to be honest, i don't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming.	gaming	neutral
but to be honest, i don't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming.	graphics editing	neutral
but to be honest, i don't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming.	complex data analysis	neutral
i would rather spend my money on a computer that costs more then a toshiba that isn't good at all.	costs	negative
(no problem with the ordering or shipping by the way.	shipping	positive
and the ram (the thing that makes it faster) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before.	ram	positive
and the ram (the thing that makes it faster) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before.	performance	positive
and the ram (the thing that makes it faster) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before.	surf the web	positive
the one thing i wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel.	hardcopy manuel	negative
i edit and burn to dvd a lot of video, so i obviously could not live with a non-functioning drive.	drive	negative
fast, great visual!	visual	positive
it's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box.	priced	positive
it's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box.	works	positive
you will need them if you want to reload the os (i recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal).	os	neutral
while the keyboard itself is alright, the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons.	keyboard	positive
while the keyboard itself is alright, the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons.	plate	negative
while the keyboard itself is alright, the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons.	mouse command buttons	negative
there are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new macbook!	features	positive
the mcbook pro notebook will make it easy for you to write and read your emails at blazing speeds.	speeds	positive
the only thing i can say is that the touch pad doesnt work like it should all the time.	touch pad	negative
however, i love this particular mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.	size	positive
however, i love this particular mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.	features	positive
however, i love this particular mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.	lighted keyboard	positive
however, i love this particular mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.	mouse pad	positive
battery life needs more life.	battery life	negative
for some odd reasons the computer doesn't reconize the operation system.	operation system	negative
the trackpad was easy to learn and navigate.	trackpad	positive
applications open in seconds and there are no lags, hiccups or awkward moments when you wonder whether your computer is out for tea.	applications	positive
i respond that i do not have the old computer and this way i would lose the data on my hard drive.	hard drive	negative
again in february my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load windows so i contacted acer to get it fixed thru my warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though none of them spoke english.	windows	neutral
again in february my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load windows so i contacted acer to get it fixed thru my warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though none of them spoke english.	warrenty	neutral
again in february my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load windows so i contacted acer to get it fixed thru my warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though none of them spoke english.	agents	negative
even though the computer is larger they did not make the keyboard larger.	keyboard	negative
we paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well.	three year warranty	neutral
we paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well.	extended warranty	neutral
its not just slow on the internet, its slow in general.	internet	negative
it has just enough ram to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs.	ram	positive
it has just enough ram to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs.	memory	positive
i acually believe the issue is with the nvidia grafics card, but still requires a return.	nvidia grafics card	negative
my husband got me this for chrismas after getting me a very expensve laptop that did not work after 2 days.	work	negative
the resolution is even higher then any other laptop on the market.	resolution	positive
then just the other day, my left "mouse" button snapped!	left "mouse" button	negative
it is very easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted.	keyboard	positive
it is very easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted.	feature	positive
it is very easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted.	type	positive
laptop is advertised as a 15" but the casing looks like that of a 17".	casing	negative
laptop is advertised as a 15" but the casing looks like that of a 17".	15"	neutral
laptop is advertised as a 15" but the casing looks like that of a 17".	17"	neutral
the feel of this machine compared to the old macbook is far superior.	feel	positive
in due course, i'll remove the hard disc from this new macbook pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash.	hard disc	negative
they break down just as often as pcs do, and the only reason they don't get viruses, is because no one makes viruses for them, they're not better in any way, they are worse, try finding virus protection programs for a mac, they don't exist.	virus protection programs for a mac	negative
but with a way bigger screen, and is able to connect to an hdmi.	screen	positive
but with a way bigger screen, and is able to connect to an hdmi.	hdmi	neutral
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which i am used to it being on the side.	graphics	negative
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which i am used to it being on the side.	wireless switch	negative
the overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook.	build quality	positive
i guess he was the technical person.	technical person	neutral
a seventy dollar mouse!	mouse	neutral
the repairs were made quickly though i must say, however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me.	shipped	negative
when i first got it i thought the size of it was a joke.	size	negative
it is fast and i have not had a problem with internet connection or any other problems.	internet connection	positive
i'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.	quality	positive
i'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.	performance	positive
i'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.	price	positive
but when i received my replacement, i made both recovery dvds (4), and a driver application dvd.	recovery dvds	neutral
but when i received my replacement, i made both recovery dvds (4), and a driver application dvd.	driver application dvd	neutral
in addition, there is photo detection software that will allow you to group all the photos together based upon the people in the picture.	photo detection software	positive
the speakers are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones i have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music i suggest you get something better.	speakers	negative
so then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back, but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened, and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair (the price of a new one).	price	negative
it is so simple to use, i use it more than my desktop.	use	positive
i also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen.	touchpad	negative
i also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen.	screen	neutral
i also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen.	mouse pointer	negative
i have had no problems with it unlike some hardware defects on past models.	hardware	negative
either way, the keyboard is unsatisfactory.	keyboard	negative
well, i have to say since i bought my mac, i won't ever go back to any windows.	windows	negative
i took it in to the apple store and guess what? they fixed it, no cost out of pocket.	cost	negative
the quality, engineering design and warranty are superior--covers damage from dropping the laptop.	quality	positive
the quality, engineering design and warranty are superior--covers damage from dropping the laptop.	engineering design	positive
the quality, engineering design and warranty are superior--covers damage from dropping the laptop.	warranty	positive
the applications are also very easy to find and maneuver, much easier than any other computer i have ever owned.	applications	positive
the large screen gives you the option to comfortably watch movies or tv shows on your computer instead of buying an additional tv for your dorm room.	screen	positive
great laptop for school, easy to use for beginners in the household.	use	positive
4) laptop still did not work, blue screen within a week...	work	negative
the only thing that isn't perfect about this netbook is the speakers, they are not loud at all but i expected that.	speakers	negative
of course, i inspected the other netbooks and clearly their hinges are tighter and i even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others.	hinges	negative
not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs.	programs	positive
didn't work when shipped from walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop (same make model).	work	negative
if this is an improvement in customer service then i would hate too see what it was before!	customer service	negative
all of the programs (keynote, pages, numbers) have an option to save your documents as microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.	programs	positive
all of the programs (keynote, pages, numbers) have an option to save your documents as microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.	keynote	neutral
all of the programs (keynote, pages, numbers) have an option to save your documents as microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.	pages	neutral
all of the programs (keynote, pages, numbers) have an option to save your documents as microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.	numbers	neutral
sure, the initial out of pocket expense is greater, but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet, and when i factor in all the money in that i wasted on geek squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested pcs, it probably comes out about even anyhow.	expense	negative
sure, the initial out of pocket expense is greater, but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet, and when i factor in all the money in that i wasted on geek squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested pcs, it probably comes out about even anyhow.	run	positive
the best thing to do is build your own computer, but if u can't company's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $2000 systems and if you google "dell coupons" you can find codes that take a signifant amount off the price.	components	positive
the best thing to do is build your own computer, but if u can't company's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $2000 systems and if you google "dell coupons" you can find codes that take a signifant amount off the price.	price	positive
the best thing to do is build your own computer, but if u can't company's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $2000 systems and if you google "dell coupons" you can find codes that take a signifant amount off the price.	price	positive
there is no cd drive on the computer, which defeats the purpose of keeping files on a cd.	cd drive	negative
for me i was lucky and a local store was selling them for $2000 off and best buy matched their price so i was able to buy one for under $1000	price	positive
unfortunately, apple's quality has continued to slide.	quality	negative
i believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price.	quality	positive
i believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price.	price	positive
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move.	pointer	negative
the 13" macbook pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to ca this is the best price we can get for a great product.	shipping	positive
the 13" macbook pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to ca this is the best price we can get for a great product.	price	positive
the 13" macbook pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to ca this is the best price we can get for a great product.	budget	positive
i would rate this computer at 5 stars, but considering it has a short life span i can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine.	life span	negative
i also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.	design	positive
i also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.	looks	positive
i also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.	feel	positive
i also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.	my toshiba feature	positive
the layout of the macbook is horrible and confusing	layout	negative
was not happy with one of the programs on it.	one of the programs	negative
also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable, easy to use computer.	use	positive
the first one sent touchpad didn't work the second sent usb didn't work the third sent touchpad didn't work the fourth sent hasn't arrived yet.	touchpad	negative
the first one sent touchpad didn't work the second sent usb didn't work the third sent touchpad didn't work the fourth sent hasn't arrived yet.	usb	negative
the first one sent touchpad didn't work the second sent usb didn't work the third sent touchpad didn't work the fourth sent hasn't arrived yet.	touchpad	negative
only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.	iwork	positive
only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.	office	negative
only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.	word processor	negative
only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.	windows	neutral
only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.	document creation	neutral
it is light and the battery last a very long time.	battery	positive
and at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when i upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (i bought the memory stick they recomended).	memory	neutral
and at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when i upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (i bought the memory stick they recomended).	memory stick	negative
and at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when i upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (i bought the memory stick they recomended).	memory stick	neutral
externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.	keys	negative
externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.	keyboard	negative
externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.	button below the mouse pad	negative
externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.	screen	negative
externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.	paint	negative
the next time i had an issue my lightscribe wouldn't work.	lightscribe	negative
the touchpad is extremely sensitive, which is the only drawback.	touchpad	negative
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had	applications	positive
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had	iphoto	positive
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had	photo application	positive
they don t translate from a mac, even on word, resulting in a ton of run-on sentences.	word	negative
the acer one computer that i bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it, but i like the big screen on it.	17 ince screen	neutral
the acer one computer that i bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it, but i like the big screen on it.	screen	positive
summary they played games with me for the warranty period.	warranty period	negative
in november my computer messed up entirely and wouldn't power on after intalling a windows update, i had to have my hd flashed and lost everything on it, including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things, when this update was installed for some reason i was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history.	hd	negative
in november my computer messed up entirely and wouldn't power on after intalling a windows update, i had to have my hd flashed and lost everything on it, including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things, when this update was installed for some reason i was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history.	drivers	negative
in november my computer messed up entirely and wouldn't power on after intalling a windows update, i had to have my hd flashed and lost everything on it, including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things, when this update was installed for some reason i was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history.	windows update	neutral
i can have both osx and windows xp running at the same time!	osx	positive
i can have both osx and windows xp running at the same time!	windows xp	positive
overall poor, features average, performance poor, battery life excellent, price-value poor	features	neutral
overall poor, features average, performance poor, battery life excellent, price-value poor	performance	negative
overall poor, features average, performance poor, battery life excellent, price-value poor	battery life	positive
overall poor, features average, performance poor, battery life excellent, price-value poor	price	negative
overall poor, features average, performance poor, battery life excellent, price-value poor	value	negative
microsoft seems to be unable to keep up with repairs for the multitude of windows problems.	windows	negative
the graphics are stunning.	graphics	positive
(i found a 2gb stick for a bit under $50) nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours, or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents.	system	positive
after much effort and 10 days asus replaced itthe wifi is very weak.	wifi	negative
you can call hp and they want you to buy more software to fix it.	software	neutral
it is easy to navigate and update programs.	update programs	neutral
it is easy to navigate and update programs.	navigate	positive
, applications respond immediately (not like the tired ms applications).	applications	positive
, applications respond immediately (not like the tired ms applications).	ms applications	negative
all in all, a very disappointing experience except that i learned how good the geek squad is and also customer service.	customer service	positive
the only drawback for me is how dirty the screen gets, and rather quickly too.	screen	negative
the laptop is very lightweight, can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight.	carry	positive
the laptop is very lightweight, can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight.	weight	positive
seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.	applications	positive
seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.	programs	neutral
seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.	internet tabs	positive
i also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot.	noises	negative
i also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot.	bottom of the computer	negative
i had in the past a dell laptop and they sent me the items it needed or they sent a repair technician to my house to fix it.	repair technician	positive
defective software.	software	negative
this computer was so challenging to carry and handle.	carry	negative
this computer was so challenging to carry and handle.	handle	negative
cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.	cords	negative
cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.	power	negative
cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.	headphones	negative
cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.	mic	negative
cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.	network connection	negative
cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.	setup	negative
cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.	cords	negative
cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.	cords	negative
unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you can't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small.	power supply	negative
it is much faster than my desktop which is a core2 quad running at 2.83 ghz.	core2 quad	neutral
it is good to know that i can mobilize without having to worry about the battery life.	battery life	positive
the screen is nice, side view angles are pretty good.	screen	positive
the fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or don't want to bother them with bright lighting, it is very convenient to have a darker, softer lit screen.	screen	positive
the fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or don't want to bother them with bright lighting, it is very convenient to have a darker, softer lit screen.	screen	positive
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications.	applications	neutral
not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely.	charger unit	negative
looks nice, but has a horribly cheap feel.	feel	negative
looks nice, but has a horribly cheap feel.	looks	positive
i have other computers that get strong signals that don't drop in places that this "net"book loses its signal.	signals	positive
i have other computers that get strong signals that don't drop in places that this "net"book loses its signal.	signal	negative
the feel of this is better than the toshiba, too.	feel	positive
i would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality!	quality	positive
i upgraded the memory and replaced the base windows 7 starter to win 7 home, and it runs just fine.	memory	neutral
i upgraded the memory and replaced the base windows 7 starter to win 7 home, and it runs just fine.	windows 7 starter	neutral
i upgraded the memory and replaced the base windows 7 starter to win 7 home, and it runs just fine.	win 7 home	neutral
i upgraded the memory and replaced the base windows 7 starter to win 7 home, and it runs just fine.	runs	positive
i am not sure if it was the drive itself, however	drive	neutral
also, one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp, if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells, it doesn't seem to be a problem.	edges	negative
also, one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp, if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells, it doesn't seem to be a problem.	incase shells	positive
it is easy to use, its keyboard easily accommodates large hands, and its weight is fantasic.	keyboard	positive
it is easy to use, its keyboard easily accommodates large hands, and its weight is fantasic.	weight	positive
it is easy to use, its keyboard easily accommodates large hands, and its weight is fantasic.	use	positive
called acer many times, they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - i was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer!	shipping	negative
called acer many times, they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - i was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer!	repair center	neutral
i should have checked this before i installed my applications.	applications	neutral
the battery is really long.	battery	positive
anyway, in early july of this year, the dvd burner stopped working, and the computer stared having issues with power supply.	dvd burner	negative
anyway, in early july of this year, the dvd burner stopped working, and the computer stared having issues with power supply.	power supply	negative
had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in.	case	negative
this computer that i have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions.	keyboard	negative
this computer that i have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions.	keyboard functions	negative
comes with imovie	imovie	positive
computer has been at service facility more than in my hands.	service facility	negative
when i called sony the customer service was great.	customer service	positive
even though i had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty.	warranty	negative
it is a much more streamlined system for adding programs, using the internet, and doing other things everyone does on a computer.	programs	neutral
it is a much more streamlined system for adding programs, using the internet, and doing other things everyone does on a computer.	system	positive
it is a much more streamlined system for adding programs, using the internet, and doing other things everyone does on a computer.	using the internet	neutral
my computer froze on several occasion, had buttons that randomely would fall off and even had moments when the computer would refuse to turn on at all.	buttons	negative
not even safe mode boots.	safe mode	negative
this is an over-sized, 18-inch laptop.	18-inch	negative
i had to pay $100 for a universal charger for this cheap $300 laptop.	universal charger	negative
the powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary.	powerpoint	positive
1.you can not change your desktop background (window's 7 starter does not support that function).	desktop background	negative
1.you can not change your desktop background (window's 7 starter does not support that function).	window's 7 starter	negative
1.you can not change your desktop background (window's 7 starter does not support that function).	function	negative
took me 11 hours, 3 trips to different fedex offices, and brutal conversations with 14 of the worse it support technicians in the world.	it support technicians	negative
then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so i was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.	charger	negative
then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so i was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.	hardware	negative
as usual at customer service center, she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague (i could see them).	customer service center	negative
the screen gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it's very noticeable.	screen	negative
strengths well-shaped weaknesses a bad videocard!	videocard	negative
strengths well-shaped weaknesses a bad videocard!	shaped	positive
you can't even get a satellite card which is why i bought to begin with.	satellite card	negative
the battery life, before the battery completely died of course, left much to be desired.	battery life	negative
the battery life, before the battery completely died of course, left much to be desired.	battery	negative
it is a real touchpad, not the toy i saw in other brands.	touchpad	positive
long story, but after many calls to various offices, i was told that no one can override the depot and that managers don't take phone calls or e mails.	depot	neutral
price and purpose is awesome!	price	positive
wonderful zooming.	zooming	positive
the screen is huge and coloful, but no led backlighting.	screen	positive
in all honesty, if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop, then do not buy this computer.	sized	neutral
everything about this computer is easy to use.	use	positive
worse, for the price i could get a netbook that outperforms this machine.	price	negative
it had most of the features and all of the power that i wanted to replace my desktop machine.	features	positive
it had most of the features and all of the power that i wanted to replace my desktop machine.	power	positive
keyboard was also very nice and had a solid feel.	keyboard	positive
it did not have all the features i expected it to have.	features	negative
no luck, although i waited for hours on the phone-visited machouse, they stated the their call center is down due to too many phonecalls (difficult to believe).	call center	negative
there is a backlit keyboard which is perfect for typing in the dark.	backlit keyboard	positive
it has a lot of memory and a great battery life.	memory	positive
it has a lot of memory and a great battery life.	battery life	positive
i spoke with a service rep at micro center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter, so it's not just an isolated incident!!!	service rep	neutral
i spoke with a service rep at micro center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter, so it's not just an isolated incident!!!	power adapter	negative
i love this program, it is superior to windows movie maker.	program	positive
i love this program, it is superior to windows movie maker.	windows movie maker	negative
he has replaced his hard drive twice and (of course) has had to pay for antivirus software every year.	hard drive	negative
he has replaced his hard drive twice and (of course) has had to pay for antivirus software every year.	antivirus software	negative
this purchase opened me to the world of macbooks, and i am impressed with the intuition of the design, the beauty of the product, and the excellent technological advances associated with it.	design	positive
this purchase opened me to the world of macbooks, and i am impressed with the intuition of the design, the beauty of the product, and the excellent technological advances associated with it.	beauty	positive
the price is great for this model, i only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room.	price	positive
it seemed to be a very nice laptop except i was not able to load my garmin gps software or microsoft office 2003.	garmin gps software	negative
it seemed to be a very nice laptop except i was not able to load my garmin gps software or microsoft office 2003.	microsoft office 2003	negative
i've also had to have the keyboard replaced at my expense.	keyboard	negative
i had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a "different" computer.	staff	negative
i had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a "different" computer.	fan noise	negative
was very much worth the price i paid.	price	positive
even out of warranty!	warranty	neutral
this is a great little computer for the price.	price	positive
crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.	screen	positive
crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.	battery life	positive
crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.	storage	positive
all apple associates are always wiling to help you out with anything, no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed.	apple associates	positive
also, my sister got the exact same laptop (since they were so cheap) and after 8 months, the screen split in half just from everyday use.	screen	negative
the toshiba satellite has been more than i expected for the price.	price	positive
i had to adjust my mousepad sensitivity, because it is very sensitive.	mousepad sensitivity	negative
i wish iwork or ms office came with the mac, but ms office doesn't even come with most pc laptops.	iwork	negative
i wish iwork or ms office came with the mac, but ms office doesn't even come with most pc laptops.	ms office	negative
i wish iwork or ms office came with the mac, but ms office doesn't even come with most pc laptops.	ms office	negative
keyboard is plastic and spongey feeling.	keyboard	negative
previous laptops were pc's, still have them, but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system.	mac osx	positive
previous laptops were pc's, still have them, but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system.	operating system	positive
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have.	keyboard	positive
because he said that the hinge is under the motherboard and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened.	hinge	negative
because he said that the hinge is under the motherboard and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened.	motherboard	neutral
you can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever.	surfing the web	positive
i love my apple, it is quick and easy to use.	use	positive
with notes saying they replaced the hard drive.	hard drive	neutral
the laptop is relatively simple to use, though i bought macs for dummies, which is well worth $2	use	positive
can't close the 2nd hdd bay since there are brackets you have to break off (even then, it still doesn't shut) that could be a major flaw for the dual hdd user.	hdd bay	negative
no tutorials on the display.	tutorials	negative
the leather carrying case, keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from memphis warehouse.	leather carrying case	neutral
the leather carrying case, keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from memphis warehouse.	keyboard	neutral
the leather carrying case, keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from memphis warehouse.	mouse	neutral
the touch pad is among the best.	touch pad	positive
thus, when you carry it at a slanted angle, the screen will "topple" or "slide" down, if you understand what i mean.	screen	negative
it's now all commodity hardware.	commodity hardware	neutral
we also use paralles so we can run virtual machines of windows xp professional, windows 7 home premium, windows server enterprise 2003, and windows server 2008 enterprise.	paralles	neutral
we also use paralles so we can run virtual machines of windows xp professional, windows 7 home premium, windows server enterprise 2003, and windows server 2008 enterprise.	windows xp professional	neutral
we also use paralles so we can run virtual machines of windows xp professional, windows 7 home premium, windows server enterprise 2003, and windows server 2008 enterprise.	windows 7 home premium	neutral
we also use paralles so we can run virtual machines of windows xp professional, windows 7 home premium, windows server enterprise 2003, and windows server 2008 enterprise.	windows server enterprise 2003	neutral
we also use paralles so we can run virtual machines of windows xp professional, windows 7 home premium, windows server enterprise 2003, and windows server 2008 enterprise.	windows server 2008 enterprise	neutral
how toshiba handles the repair seems to vary, some folks indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix, others had the repair done 5 times.	repair	conflict
how toshiba handles the repair seems to vary, some folks indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix, others had the repair done 5 times.	repair	positive
i would like to use a different operating system altogether.	operating system	neutral
