but the staff was so horrible to us.	staff	negative
to be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora.	food	positive
the food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.	food	positive
the food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.	kitchen	positive
the food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.	menu	neutral
not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.	food	positive
not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.	perks	positive
our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).	orrechiete with sausage and chicken	positive
our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).	waiters	positive
our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).	meats	neutral
our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).	dish	neutral
the bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy.	bagels	positive
nevertheless the food itself is pretty good.	food	positive
they did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.	toast	negative
they did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.	mayonnaise	negative
they did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.	bacon	negative
they did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.	cheese	neutral
they did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.	ingredients	negative
they did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.	plate	neutral
they did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.	omelet	neutral
it took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk!	drinks	neutral
it took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk!	check	neutral
the design and atmosphere is just as good.	design	positive
the design and atmosphere is just as good.	atmosphere	positive
he has visited thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine.	cuisine	positive
the pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza.	pizza	positive
the pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza.	thin crusted pizza	neutral
all the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.	interior decoration	positive
all the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.	chefs	negative
the seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.	seats	negative
i asked for seltzer with lime, no ice.	seltzer with lime	neutral
don't go alone---even two people isn't enough for the whole experience, with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods.	pickles	positive
don't go alone---even two people isn't enough for the whole experience, with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods.	selection of meats and seafoods	positive
my suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.	dishes	neutral
my suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.	eat family style	positive
best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.	vibe	positive
best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.	owner	positive
best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.	service	positive
faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.	delivery	negative
from the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.	food	positive
from the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.	atmosphere	positive
from the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.	service	positive
great food at reasonable prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!	food	positive
great food at reasonable prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!	prices	positive
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.	interior decor	positive
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.	prices	positive
two words: free wine.	wine	positive
the price is reasonable although the service is poor.	price	positive
the price is reasonable although the service is poor.	service	negative
the quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.	quantity	positive
i stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two fridays ago when i was with two friends in town from l.a. being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.	sushi	neutral
i stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two fridays ago when i was with two friends in town from l.a. being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.	sushi bar	neutral
the fried rice is amazing here.	fried rice	positive
three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.	mussels	positive
three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.	puff pastry goat cheese	positive
three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.	salad with a delicious dressing	positive
three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.	hanger steak au poivre	positive
three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.	courses	neutral
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.	indian food	positive
the place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.	service	positive
the place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.	place	positive
at the end you're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup.	broth with noodles	positive
i just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.	meal	positive
i just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.	money	positive
the food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.	food	conflict
the wine list is excellent.	wine list	positive
ive been to many thai restaurants in manhattan before, and toons is by far the best thai food ive had (except for my mom's of course).	thai food	positive
they wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.	glass of wine	neutral
whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.	specials	neutral
this is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.	lunch	neutral
this is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.	dinner	neutral
this is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.	dine	positive
nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.	atmosphere	positive
nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.	service	positive
nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.	desert	positive
after really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.	bar	positive
after really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.	table	neutral
after really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.	dinner	neutral
fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.	service	positive
fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.	food	positive
fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.	atmosphere	positive
fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.	environment	positive
try the lasagnette appetizer.	lasagnette appetizer	positive
i liked the beer selection!	beer selection	positive
great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.	food	positive
great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.	menu	positive
great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.	service	positive
great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.	setting	positive
go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.	dinner	positive
go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.	dining	positive
i grew up eating dosa and have yet to find a place in ny to satisfy my taste buds.	dosa	neutral
wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.	wine list selection	positive
wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.	wine-by-the-glass	positive
with the great variety on the menu , i eat here often and never get bored .	menu	positive
the menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.	menu	negative
the menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.	entrees	negative
the menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.	menu	negative
the menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.	dishes	positive
not too crazy about their sake martini.	sake martini	negative
great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.	bagels	positive
great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.	spreads	positive
the service varys from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not.	service	conflict
one thing i liked about this place is that i never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests.	table	neutral
unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.	food	positive
we always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied.	meal	positive
dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat.	ingredients	neutral
dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat.	chopsticks	neutral
first went here to enjoy their garden terrace.	garden terrace	positive
the pizza was pretty good and huge.	pizza	positive
the cuisine from what i've gathered is authentic taiwanese, though its very different from what i've been accustomed to in taipei.	cuisine	neutral
i almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and i would hate for it too become to crowded.	atmosphere	positive
they are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.	service	positive
they are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.	crowded	negative
all my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was.	dish	negative
the atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.	service	positive
the atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.	food	positive
we ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.	grilled branzino	negative
the wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!	wait staff	positive
the wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!	food	positive
it may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area.	vibe	positive
it may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area.	french food	positive
it may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area.	packed	negative
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.	pizza	positive
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.	place	positive
le pere pinard has a $15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding.	pre-theater menu	positive
i also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.	delivery	negative
i also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.	order	negative
our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.	server	negative
our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.	meal	neutral
the strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds.	scents	negative
we had the lobster sandwich and it was fantastic.	lobster sandwich	positive
had we been stalling i could understand where they were coming from, but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn't even brought us a check yet!	check	negative
though the spider roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.	spider roll	conflict
though the spider roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.	price	positive
though the spider roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.	shell crab	positive
deep fried skewers are good and still rare to find in nyc.	deep fried skewers	positive
i have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.	reservations	neutral
i have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.	hostess	negative
i also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).	rice dishes	positive
i also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).	congee (rice porridge)	positive
their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.	tuna tartar appetizer	positive
an oasis of refinement:  food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new american fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.	food	conflict
an oasis of refinement:  food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new american fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.	chef	positive
an oasis of refinement:  food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new american fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.	fish dishes	positive
an oasis of refinement:  food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new american fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.	soups	positive
an oasis of refinement:  food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new american fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.	kitchen	positive
an oasis of refinement:  food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new american fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.	cuisine	positive
if you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love artisanal!	wine	positive
if you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love artisanal!	french fare	positive
if you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love artisanal!	cheese	positive
i love indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it.	indian food	positive
some baby pizzas get their wish.	baby pizzas	neutral
overall a oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	waiting	negative
the lava cake dessert was incredible and i recommend it.	lava cake dessert	positive
vt is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up.	baby pizzas	neutral
from the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.	service	negative
from the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.	food	negative
from the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.	managers	negative
lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for four dollars.	food	positive
lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for four dollars.	food	positive
the last time i went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen.	table	negative
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.	selection of wines	positive
nice restaurant overall, with classic upscale italian decor.	italian decor	positive
not impressed with the food.	food	negative
the entire dining experience was wonderful!	dining experience	positive
the wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and i always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.	wine selection	positive
the wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and i always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.	reservation	neutral
service is highly refined: our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress.	service	positive
service is highly refined: our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress.	maitre	positive
service is highly refined: our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress.	reservation	negative
order the panang duck, it's fantastic.	panang duck	positive
food is usually very good, though ocasionally i wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders.	food	conflict
food is usually very good, though ocasionally i wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders.	raw vegatables	negative
other than the crappy service from two individuals, it's great.	service	negative
they have authentic indian at amazin prices.	indian	positive
they have authentic indian at amazin prices.	prices	positive
ambiance- relaxed and stylish.	ambiance	positive
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon, sea bass and crispy duck.	bbq salmon	positive
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon, sea bass and crispy duck.	sea bass	positive
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon, sea bass and crispy duck.	crispy duck	positive
yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.	ingredients	positive
yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.	ingredients	positive
yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.	pizza	negative
yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.	crust	neutral
and yes dal bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.	kababs	positive
and yes dal bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.	dal bukhara	positive
i look forward to eating here again	eating	positive
i've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste.	taste	positive
tuk tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.	meal	positive
tuk tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.	price	positive
a glass of leaping lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.	glass of prosecco	positive
a glass of leaping lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.	mussels	positive
a glass of leaping lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.	glass of leaping lizard	positive
food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.	food	neutral
food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.	creme brulee	negative
food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.	sugar	negative
the food always tastes fresh and served promptly.	food	positive
the food always tastes fresh and served promptly.	served	positive
the pizza here is delicious.	pizza	positive
pizza and garlic knots are great as well, i order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!	pizza	positive
pizza and garlic knots are great as well, i order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!	delivery	positive
pizza and garlic knots are great as well, i order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!	garlic knots	positive
for great chinese food nearby, you have wu liang ye and grand sichuan just a block away.	chinese food	positive
but who says murray's is anything about service.	service	neutral
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	food	negative
hats off to the chef.	chef	positive
service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.	service	negative
service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.	teapot	positive
the pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.	pizza	positive
the pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.	fresh mozzarella	positive
the pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.	cheese	negative
its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of new york.	place	positive
its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of new york.	food	positive
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.	service	positive
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.	getting a table	positive
the atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe.	atmosphere	conflict
the atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe.	bistro-type vibe	positive
first off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.	waitress	negative
first off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.	tables	neutral
the food was bland oily.	food	negative
what is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.	prices	positive
what is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.	food	positive
the fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary.	fish	positive
the fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary.	variety of fish	negative
our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.	pesto pizza	positive
our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.	house salad	positive
our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.	bottle of wine	positive
our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.	meal	positive
and kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender i have yet to come across.	bartender	positive
and kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender i have yet to come across.	beverage manager	positive
ambiance and music funky, which i enjoy.	ambiance	positive
ambiance and music funky, which i enjoy.	music	positive
the food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.	food	positive
the food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.	drinks	positive
the food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.	service	positive
i went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.	food	neutral
i went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.	refleshment	neutral
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.	ambiance	positive
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.	service	positive
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.	foods	positive
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.	tastes	positive
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.	sommlier	positive
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.	captain	positive
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.	back waiters	positive
last time i went here, the waitress didn't come back after taking our order.	waitress	negative
try the tandoori salmon!	tandoori salmon	positive
eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	atmosphere	positive
granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.	space	negative
granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.	service	positive
i love the atmorphere @ peep!	atmorphere	positive
the service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.	service	positive
the service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.	menu items	positive
the other night we had the $30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if i could of licked the plate clean i would of.	three course meal	positive
even after getting pushed out by the no-class famous ray's, sal has risen again to carry on his father's uncle's legacies with a smile, true love for his community, and let's not forget the outstanding pizza!	pizza	positive
the environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	environment	positive
the environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	food	negative
the environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	service	negative
we had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess, it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well.	crawfish boiled	positive
i had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.	reservation	neutral
what came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.	table	neutral
i had the pad thai and the noodles were sticky.	pad thai	negative
i had the pad thai and the noodles were sticky.	noodles	negative
so i've never actually been to m proper, but i've had it delivered a few times.	delivered	neutral
among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants, this offers by far one of the best values for your money.	values for your money	positive
frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus mcds or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.	lunch	positive
the hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.	hostess	negative
if you're craving for haru's great food, especially the house roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their sake bar!	food	positive
if you're craving for haru's great food, especially the house roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their sake bar!	wait building	negative
a narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.	corridor	negative
a narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.	space	negative
a narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.	counters	negative
a narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.	counter	negative
a narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.	entrees	neutral
the food is great.	food	positive
succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness' accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill.	steaks	positive
succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness' accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill.	salads	positive
succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness' accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill.	sides	positive
lunch came with pickels and slaw, no extra charge.	lunch	positive
lunch came with pickels and slaw, no extra charge.	pickels and slaw	neutral
decent wine at reasonable prices.	wine	positive
decent wine at reasonable prices.	prices	positive
all conveniently delivered right to the door.	delivered	positive
even the wine by the glass was good.	wine by the glass	positive
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price	price	negative
this dish is my favorite and i always get it when i go there and never get tired of it.	dish	positive
i also ordered the change mojito, which was out of this world.	change mojito	positive
okay service.	service	neutral
the only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.	food	positive
the only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.	service	positive
the food was just awful, atrocious actually.	food	negative
the soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.	soup for the udon	negative
the soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.	soy sauce	neutral
the soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.	water	neutral
the anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.	anti-pasta	positive
the anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.	calamari	positive
the anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.	filling pasta mains	positive
the waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.	waitress	positive
the waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.	food	neutral
the waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.	glasses of wine	positive
they might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says i love you.	food	positive
they might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says i love you.	counter	negative
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	sushi	positive
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	ceviche mix (special)	positive
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	crab dumplings	positive
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	assorted sashimi	positive
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	sushi	positive
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	rolls	positive
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	sake	positive
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	banana tempura	positive
try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.	plain pizza	positive
try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.	garlic	positive
try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.	eggplant	positive
ok, so the servers wander around a little clueless, but there's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it's fine, you just have to make a small effort to get their attention.	servers	negative
ok, so the servers wander around a little clueless, but there's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it's fine, you just have to make a small effort to get their attention.	servers	conflict
good luck getting a table.	getting a table	negative
the service is awful.	service	negative
the takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes, i can't wait!	takeout menu	positive
the takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes, i can't wait!	menu	positive
the takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes, i can't wait!	italian dishes	positive
i am not the most experienced person when it comes to thai food, but my friend who took me there is.	thai food	neutral
regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you five minutes.	hostess	positive
the pizza is good though.	pizza	positive
bottles of wine are cheap and good.	bottles of wine	positive
the have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.	beers	positive
the have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.	food	positive
the have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.	pumkin tortelini	positive
the have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.	dish	positive
they didn't give us the dinner special until we asked for it.	dinner special	negative
you must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.	crabmeat lasagna	positive
you must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.	chocolate bread pudding	positive
you must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.	dessert	positive
word of advice, save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you've had the tiramisu.	pasta dishes	positive
word of advice, save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you've had the tiramisu.	tiramisu	positive
very good service and very good prices.	service	positive
very good service and very good prices.	prices	positive
i recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.	lunch	neutral
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.	service	positive
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.	staff	positive
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.	menu	neutral
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.	meal	neutral
ess-a-bagel (either by sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in ny.	bagel	positive
our food was great too!	food	positive
the most annoying thing, though, is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue.	servers	negative
get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.	food	neutral
get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.	plate of dumplings	positive
please try the filet mignon, its just the most tender piece ever.	filet mignon	positive
we were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.	sangria	neutral
we were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.	bar	neutral
we were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.	bar	neutral
we were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.	bartender	negative
the sake menu should not be overlooked!	sake menu	positive
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.	drinks	positive
i've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they're that good.	beef cubes	positive
the service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.	service	positive
the service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.	wine selection	positive
the service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.	ambiance	positive
we were seated promptly as we had reservations, however after that the service was slow.	reservations	positive
we were seated promptly as we had reservations, however after that the service was slow.	service	negative
it's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.	service	positive
it's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.	waiters	positive
the food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.	food	conflict
the food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.	dessert	negative
the food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.	portions	negative
it is set far from the small street it's on, and there is no traffic noise.	traffic noise	positive
lived in shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship green bo restaurant there.	food	positive
i highly recommend cafe st. bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.	food	positive
i highly recommend cafe st. bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.	ambience	positive
i highly recommend cafe st. bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.	service	positive
this is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.	dinner meeting	neutral
all the nyu students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere.	atmosphere	positive
the food here does a great service to the name (cantonese that is...).	food	positive
the food here does a great service to the name (cantonese that is...).	cantonese	positive
but, nothing stands out about the cooking.	cooking	neutral
joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.	food	positive
joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.	atmosphere	positive
the prix fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity and quality).	prix fixe menu	positive
the prix fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity and quality).	quantity	positive
the prix fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity and quality).	quality	positive
i've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city.	lunch	neutral
i had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, i tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.	eggs benedict	negative
i had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, i tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.	hollondaise sauce	negative
i had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, i tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.	brunch	neutral
i work near-by, and they have the best oatmeal in the neighborhood- not a packaged or quick-cooked item.	oatmeal	positive
too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.	food	negative
the menu looked good, except for offering the chilean sea bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	menu	positive
the menu looked good, except for offering the chilean sea bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	chilean sea bass	negative
the menu looked good, except for offering the chilean sea bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	server	negative
the menu looked good, except for offering the chilean sea bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	specials	neutral
the food was really good, i had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever.	food	positive
the food was really good, i had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever.	onion soup	positive
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.	wine	neutral
since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.	staff	positive
based on the reviews for dinner, this is a place i would reconsider revisiting for that, but definitely not for dim sum again.	dim sum	negative
based on the reviews for dinner, this is a place i would reconsider revisiting for that, but definitely not for dim sum again.	dinner	positive
it costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.	roll	negative
it costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.	roll	negative
it costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.	roll	negative
it costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.	rice	neutral
when he finally did, he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn't find tonic.	gin and tonic	neutral
when he finally did, he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn't find tonic.	tonic	neutral
the dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of chinese here).	dim sum	negative
the dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of chinese here).	little dishes	negative
the service is ok, some of the people didn't get what they asked for.	service	neutral
if you want good authentic thai this place is not the place to go.	thai	negative
i recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one.	reservation	neutral
the only thing i moderately enjoyed was their grilled chicken special with edamame puree.	grilled chicken special with edamame puree	neutral
if you want some roast duck, pork or chicken on rice with ginger, try them out!	roast duck	positive
if you want some roast duck, pork or chicken on rice with ginger, try them out!	pork	positive
if you want some roast duck, pork or chicken on rice with ginger, try them out!	chicken on rice with ginger	positive
you order from a menu, so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience.	menu	negative
staff is very accomodating.	staff	positive
i went to del frisco's friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation.	reservation	neutral
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me.	dinner	neutral
very popular style izakaya (sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).	sake	positive
very popular style izakaya (sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).	dishes	positive
very popular style izakaya (sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).	portion	neutral
the food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.	food	positive
the food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.	service	positive
this is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.	roti rolls	positive
fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.	ingredients	positive
we have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.	meal	positive
we have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.	food	positive
we have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.	tip	positive
quick and friendly service.	service	positive
they are tasty, but i suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average american digestive system.	meat	neutral
try the hot dogs too, they're snappy and delicious.	hot dogs	positive
delivery is fast too.	delivery	positive
the noise level was unbearable, conversation impossible.	noise level	negative
personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.	personal pans	positive
highly recommended is the spicy fried clam rolls and spider rolls.	spicy fried clam rolls	positive
highly recommended is the spicy fried clam rolls and spider rolls.	spider rolls	positive
one of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way.	menu	positive
the atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon.	atmosphere	positive
odd for ave b, not just odd, the place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least.	place	positive
instead of wasting your time here: support restaurants that care about food.	food	neutral
just got back from lunch at tamarind and it was excellent.	lunch	positive
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st, taj mahal is also very comparable, in food quality, to the much overpraised (and underdeserving) baluchi's.	food quality	positive
the man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).	man	negative
the man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).	table	neutral
the man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).	table	negative
try the cheesecake!	cheesecake	positive
as we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.	food	negative
as we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.	employees	negative
as we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.	containers for condiments	negative
as we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.	containers	neutral
as we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.	manager	negative
great indian food and the service is incredible.	indian food	positive
great indian food and the service is incredible.	service	positive
decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.	decor	positive
decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.	food	positive
decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.	wine list	positive
decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.	food	neutral
i had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, i expected it to have some type of flavor.	salmon dish	conflict
i had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, i expected it to have some type of flavor.	flavor	negative
i had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, i expected it to have some type of flavor.	price	neutral
we ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.	tuna melt	negative
we ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.	cheese	neutral
we ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.	tuna sandwich	negative
especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.	chicken tikka	positive
especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.	naan	positive
especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.	dals	positive
the waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished.	waiters	negative
the waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished.	bill	negative
the restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the hudson river and the statue of liberty.	lawns	positive
my wife and i always enjoy the young, not always well trained but nevertheless friendly, staff, all of whom have a story.	staff	conflict
the sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day.	sangria	positive
don't eat here unless you're starving for thai food and you work next door.	thai food	negative
for the people who want great food plus great service, roxy is a place to avoid!	food	negative
for the people who want great food plus great service, roxy is a place to avoid!	service	negative
i had the best ravioli ever.	ravioli	positive
while the menu isn't especially groundbreaking, everything i've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty.	menu	conflict
ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding.	service	positive
the bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.	bill	neutral
the bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.	lunch	neutral
the bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.	drinks	neutral
quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi i have ever tried.	sushi	negative
the food is great, service is ok.	food	positive
the food is great, service is ok.	service	neutral
the overall price tag was very very expensive, something i did expect.	price tag	negative
spice is great thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.	thai food	positive
spice is great thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.	appetizers	positive
the service was attentive.	service	positive
he not only makes his own homemade mozzarella, but every pie is ultra fresh.	mozzarella	positive
he not only makes his own homemade mozzarella, but every pie is ultra fresh.	pie	positive
fish was overdone.	fish	negative
when you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.	main dining room	positive
when you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.	ceiling	positive
we visited bread bar during january restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.	menu selections	positive
we visited bread bar during january restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.	service	positive
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection.	music	neutral
the establishment scores big points in presentation and style.	establishment	positive
the rest of the dim sum, though pricey by chinatown standards, is worth it.	dim sum	conflict
good food.	food	positive
the wait staff is very friendly, if not overly efficient.	wait staff	positive
the dim sum however was very good.	dim sum	positive
service has always been friendly and efficient.	service	positive
went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.	seafood dishes	neutral
went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.	appetizers	neutral
its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch.	lunch	neutral
all we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner.	dinner	neutral
the table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.	bottle of wine	neutral
the table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.	grapes	neutral
prices are very good.	prices	positive
we could not catch our waiter's eye, and he ignored us.	waiter	negative
plain and simple it's bad thai food.	thai food	negative
usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish.	dish	neutral
while certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.	burger	positive
while certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.	pastas	positive
while certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.	food	neutral
while certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.	staples	positive
the dim sum was so-so, but not spectacular.	dim sum	neutral
the food was so-so.	food	neutral
the waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.	waitress	negative
the place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.	seating	positive
the place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.	bar	positive
the place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.	place	positive
threw my fiance's surprise 30th birthday dinner here couldn't be happier.	dinner	neutral
food-awesome.	food	positive
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	music	positive
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	food	positive
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	service	positive
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	prices	positive
there was a small wait, but shorter than i expected.	wait	conflict
the lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.	lobster sandwich	conflict
the lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.	price	negative
may, the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you.	owner	positive
the sides were ok and incredibly salty.	sides	negative
for some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the salmon.	seafood	negative
for some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the salmon.	menu	negative
for some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the salmon.	salmon	neutral
not a large place, but it's cute and cozy.	place	conflict
the beverages were excellent, and the dessert was good.	beverages	positive
the beverages were excellent, and the dessert was good.	dessert	positive
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.	hostess	negative
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.	waitress	negative
next time, we wouldn't dare ordering anything else other than some simple asian appetizers and drinks.	asian appetizers	positive
next time, we wouldn't dare ordering anything else other than some simple asian appetizers and drinks.	drinks	positive
please if your thinking about it go, and stay the wait you won't be disappointed.	wait	negative
i must say the view of nyc is so beautiful!	view	positive
if you'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent, long tan is a good place on the slope.	meal	positive
when going out for a nice dinner, i like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.	dinner	positive
when going out for a nice dinner, i like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.	ambiance	positive
when going out for a nice dinner, i like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.	food	positive
otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.	service	positive
otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.	prices	positive
otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.	atmosphere	positive
highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.	sushi	positive
highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.	service	positive
highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.	value	positive
this place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.	service	negative
this place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.	served	negative
a++   the service was good to excellent along with the attitude.	service	positive
a++   the service was good to excellent along with the attitude.	attitude	positive
the food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass.	food	positive
the food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass.	striped bass	positive
the music does get a little loud at times, but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife, and as i did, i got a whiff of corriander.	music	conflict
the music does get a little loud at times, but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife, and as i did, i got a whiff of corriander.	corriander	neutral
black white shakes came out good also.	black white shakes	positive
it's simply the best meal in nyc.	meal	positive
after passing by this restaurant for sometime i finally decided to go in and have dinner.	dinner	neutral
the seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant, so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here.	seating	negative
i ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.	chu chu curry	neutral
i ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.	pad thai chicken	neutral
we go on mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to blue ribbon.	food	neutral
we go on mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to blue ribbon.	prix fixe	neutral
however, they've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot.	pastrami	positive
however, they've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot.	soups	positive
great bagels made the old-fashioned way.	bagels	positive
this is some really good, inexpensive sushi.	sushi	positive
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread, but all the bagles are unbeliavably good.	bagel with lox spread	positive
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread, but all the bagles are unbeliavably good.	bagles	positive
i wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.	food	negative
i wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.	quality of food	negative
for the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.	lobby area	negative
for the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.	seated	negative
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc.	pizza	positive
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc.	proprietor	positive
also good for client lunch meetings, esp.	lunch meetings	neutral
the decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.	decor	positive
the decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.	prices	positive
the decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.	food's presentation	positive
the waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.	waitstaff	positive
the waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.	swordfish	positive
the waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.	meal	positive
the setting is casual and romantic.	setting	positive
terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.	management	negative
great friendly service, fast seating, fast delivery, excellent sushi.	service	positive
great friendly service, fast seating, fast delivery, excellent sushi.	seating	positive
great friendly service, fast seating, fast delivery, excellent sushi.	delivery	positive
great friendly service, fast seating, fast delivery, excellent sushi.	sushi	positive
the desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced french restaurants.	desserts	positive
the italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the ues), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the ny yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner...	italian food	positive
the italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the ues), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the ny yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner...	service	conflict
i found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish i had.	food	positive
i found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish i had.	salmon dish	positive
mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.	rolls	positive
baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.	food	positive
baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.	decor	positive
baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.	prices	positive
emilio, the owner, is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go.	owner	positive
i have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner.	lunch	neutral
i have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner.	dinner	neutral
moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was very salty!	moules	positive
moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was very salty!	lobster ravioli	negative
a cheap eat for nyc, but not for dosa.	dosa	negative
a cheap eat for nyc, but not for dosa.	eat	positive
the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.	atmosphere	negative
the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.	waiters	conflict
the seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.	seafood	positive
the seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.	wine list	positive
the seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.	menu	positive
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.	wine	neutral
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.	indian	neutral
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.	wine list	neutral
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.	wines	neutral
pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high (ask for extra rye bread).	pastrami or corned beef	positive
pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high (ask for extra rye bread).	rye bread	positive
($200 for 2 glasses of champagne, not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks).	glasses of champagne	negative
($200 for 2 glasses of champagne, not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks).	bottle of wine	negative
($200 for 2 glasses of champagne, not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks).	after dinner drinks	negative
really though, where's the seasoning?	seasoning	negative
the food was just ok, at least for what food was available.	food	neutral
the food was just ok, at least for what food was available.	food	negative
the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!	waitress	positive
the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!	food	positive
the ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	ambience	positive
the ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	service	negative
solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.	wine list	positive
solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.	staff	positive
solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.	owners	positive
solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.	menu	positive
the people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in new york sometimes.	people	positive
we didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.	menu	neutral
we didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.	main dishes	neutral
we didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.	waiter	positive
we didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.	specials	neutral
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it.	location	neutral
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it.	ambience	neutral
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it.	food	positive
otherwise, good stuff for late nite eats.	stuff	positive
otherwise, good stuff for late nite eats.	eats	positive
the dinner was ok, nothing i would have again.	dinner	negative
i love and i know gourmet food by excellence!	gourmet food	positive
i plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.....	bruschetta	positive
i plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.....	panini	positive
two people in our party felt like something else, and volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.	dishes	positive
two people in our party felt like something else, and volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.	menu	neutral
he offers subpar service and has no personality.	service	negative
the waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.	waitress	positive
the waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.	fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd	positive
diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....	food	negative
diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....	prices	negative
while we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.	food	positive
the first time the sushi was outstanding, the second time it was a little bland.	sushi	conflict
the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.	portions	positive
the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.	servers	positive
the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.	starter	positive
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.	bagels	positive
all the food was hot tasty.	food	positive
this is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza.	pizza	positive
this is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza.	take-out pizza	negative
our server was very helpful and friendly.	server	positive
try green curry with vegetables.	green curry with vegetables	positive
first of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by citysearch's editorial review.	place	negative
the second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.	door	neutral
much more reasonably priced too!	priced	positive
the food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.	food	negative
the food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.	portioins	negative
why make a reservation if you aren't going to keep it?	reservation	negative
the pad thai is excellent here, as well.	pad thai	positive
i do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant.	lunch specials	negative
we parked on the block of nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.	place	positive
we parked on the block of nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.	pizzas	positive
the food is o.k., but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant.	food	neutral
we had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great.	pot-stickers	positive
we had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great.	tempura dish	positive
i think the stuff was better than disney.	stuff	positive
while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.	food	negative
while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.	atmosphere	positive
while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.	entree range	positive
orsay, is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic french food in nyc.	french food	positive
well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.	deliveries	negative
well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.	food	negative
the staff is no nonsense.	staff	positive
and really large portions.	portions	positive
this is a great thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.	staff	positive
i ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.	smoked salmon and roe appetizer	negative
we went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a saturday, and i was thoroughly impressed with the food.	lunch	neutral
we went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a saturday, and i was thoroughly impressed with the food.	food	positive
i recommend the garlic shrimp, okra (bindi), and anything with lamb.	garlic shrimp	positive
i recommend the garlic shrimp, okra (bindi), and anything with lamb.	lamb	positive
i recommend the garlic shrimp, okra (bindi), and anything with lamb.	okra (bindi)	positive
as we were leaving, the couple standing by the door said to another waiter, we're not in a hurry.	waiter	neutral
the menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.	menu	positive
the menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.	burger	neutral
the menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.	steak	neutral
the menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.	escargot	neutral
in fact, two people could really share one plate.	plate	positive
the food is great and authentic.	food	positive
good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers.	casual dinner	positive
anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.	food	positive
anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.	price	positive
anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.	wine list	positive
prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.	prices	negative
prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.	chicken tikka marsala	positive
this place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing.	styles of pizza	positive
the photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look.	look	negative
the food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.	food	negative
the food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.	portions	negative
but the coconut rice was good.	coconut rice	positive
it took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.	appetizer	neutral
the food was great.	food	positive
pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.	food	neutral
pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.	beers on tap	positive
pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.	wine list	positive
pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.	priced	positive
if you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.	music	negative
if you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.	bottle minimun	negative
all of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they hadn't heard about this place.	food	positive
metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal.	spot	positive
friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.	staff	positive
friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.	meal	positive
the restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.	table	positive
quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.	quality of food	positive
quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.	price	positive
quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.	pork	positive
quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.	fish	positive
quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.	chicken	positive
quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.	lamb	positive
quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.	vegetables	positive
the place is a little tight and on a cold day, the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty.	seating	negative
the place is a little tight and on a cold day, the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty.	place	negative
the appetizing is excellent - just as good as zabars barney greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).	appetizing	positive
the appetizing is excellent - just as good as zabars barney greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).	price	positive
but, they were too big for the bun.	bun	neutral
the food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.	food	positive
the food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.	priced	positive
raga stands out with an interesting fusion of french and indian cooking.	fusion of french and indian cooking	positive
a few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.	turnip cake	negative
a few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.	roast pork buns	negative
a few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.	egg custards	negative
the bagels are fabulous.	bagels	positive
oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.	seating in the garden	neutral
oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.	seats	neutral
although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.	service	positive
although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.	place	positive
although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.	water	neutral
the food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.	food	positive
the food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.	place	positive
the food options rule.	food options	positive
a great choice at any cost and a great deal.	cost	positive
we ate here in march, 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight.	pre-theatre 3-course dinner	neutral
we ate here in march, 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight.	wine flight	neutral
probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).	lunch	neutral
probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).	dinner	neutral
their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, yuck.	calzones	negative
it takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something (although they dont forget to charge you for it.	drink	neutral
the place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.	place	positive
the place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.	bar scene	positive
saturday, nov. 6th i had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us.	staff	positive
good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.	spreads	positive
good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.	beverage selections	positive
good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.	bagels	positive
first, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which i would have chosen had i known about them.	waiter	negative
first, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which i would have chosen had i known about them.	specials	positive
first, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which i would have chosen had i known about them.	served	negative
also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.	tiramisu	positive
also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.	meal	neutral
check out the secret back room.	secret back room	positive
it's also attached to angel's share, which is a cool, more romantic bar...	bar	positive
authentic food and they have real service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.	food	positive
authentic food and they have real service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.	service	positive
stick to the gulab jamun.	gulab jamun	positive
i am amazed by the poor reviews- i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	prices	positive
i am amazed by the poor reviews- i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	atmosphere	positive
i am amazed by the poor reviews- i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	service	positive
i am amazed by the poor reviews- i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	wine list	positive
i was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.	diner	neutral
i was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.	wait staff	negative
i was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.	table	negative
with the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.	meal	positive
with the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.	room	positive
we've only eaten in the restaurant once, but we have ordered many times for dinner.	dinner	neutral
by far this is the only chinese desserts place i know in ny or anywhere close in the northeastern america that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar.	pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar	positive
by far this is the only chinese desserts place i know in ny or anywhere close in the northeastern america that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar.	desserts with frog jelly	positive
the food is great and reasonably priced.	food	positive
the food is great and reasonably priced.	priced	positive
i would definitely recommend sea if you like thai cuisine!	thai cuisine	positive
over the years the host, vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.	crew	positive
over the years the host, vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.	host	positive
the restuarant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic taiwanese.	round tables	positive
the restuarant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic taiwanese.	taiwanese	positive
my husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.	portion	conflict
my husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.	french fries	positive
it is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late, raucus dinner.	dinner	positive
the food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.	food	positive
the food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.	dishes	positive
the food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.	specials	positive
the food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.	regular menu-fare	positive
prices are in line.	prices	neutral
the combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in ny.	fresh tomato sauce	positive
the combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in ny.	fresh mozz cheese	positive
the combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in ny.	basil	positive
the combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in ny.	dough	positive
the combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in ny.	pizza	positive
the combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in ny.	flour	positive
the food is prepared quickly and efficiently.	food	positive
for all of you new to indian food, try the paneer roll, it is a piece of heaven.	indian food	positive
for all of you new to indian food, try the paneer roll, it is a piece of heaven.	paneer roll	positive
the food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.	food	positive
the food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.	plates	positive
both the fresh mozzerella slices and the plain cheese slice are phenomenal.	fresh mozzerella slices	positive
both the fresh mozzerella slices and the plain cheese slice are phenomenal.	plain cheese slice	positive
the food is terrible and overall, i would have to say avoid at all costs.	food	negative
unfortunately, the food was not something to get worked up about.	food	negative
it's constantly open, catering to the pakistani cabbies lined up on crosby st., so there's more turnover with the food than you'd expect (i.e., surprisingly fresh).	food	positive
i had filet mignon with garlic mash.	filet mignon with garlic mash	neutral
i went at 6:00 pm specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.	pre-theater menu	positive
i went at 6:00 pm specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.	roasted tomato soup with chevre	positive
i went at 6:00 pm specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.	steak frites	positive
i went at 6:00 pm specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.	creme brulee	positive
the waitstaff were attentive, polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters.	waitstaff	positive
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the peter's favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.	bread	positive
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the peter's favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.	pizza	positive
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the peter's favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.	margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top	neutral
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the peter's favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.	salad	neutral
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the peter's favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.	peter's favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula	neutral
yes, the prices are high, but i felt it was worth it.	prices	conflict
the large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.	bruschettas	positive
the large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.	paninis	positive
the large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.	tramezzinis	positive
have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.	waiters	positive
have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.	diners	neutral
while this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.	chef	positive
while this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.	dishes	positive
while this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.	cuisine	neutral
while this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.	indian	positive
the owner truly caters to all your needs.	owner	positive
he takes real pride in his food and his business.	food	positive
so if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.	meal	positive
so if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.	pre-theater prix-fixe	positive
over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.	food	positive
over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.	wine	positive
over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.	dining	positive
the photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and i pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.	menu	positive
the photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and i pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.	fried chicken	neutral
the photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and i pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.	pork chop	neutral
the photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and i pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.	noodle dishes	neutral
i cannot imagine better indian food in all of the city.	indian food	positive
great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).	privacy	positive
great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).	corner booth table	positive
great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).	place	positive
i asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!	manager	negative
i asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!	open faced cheese sandwich	neutral
very good breads as well.	breads	positive
if this happens, just ask for real naan.	naan	neutral
we were fans of the half-price saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.	squid	negative
we were fans of the half-price saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.	half-price saturday night option	positive
pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.	pizza	positive
pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.	homemade pasta	positive
this is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.	value ofr money	positive
example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $12 dollars and the mushrooms where $12 for about 1oz.	soup	positive
example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $12 dollars and the mushrooms where $12 for about 1oz.	mushrooms	positive
service is not exactly five star, but thats not really a big deal.	service	conflict
there are other people waiting!	waiting	negative
from beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.	beginning appetizers	positive
from beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.	scallops	positive
from beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.	chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet	positive
from beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.	taste	positive
consistently good japanese tapas.	japanese tapas	positive
my goodness, everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing.	fish	positive
my goodness, everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing.	rice	positive
my goodness, everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing.	seaweed	positive
the dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest i've ever had).	dishes	positive
the dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest i've ever had).	lamb sausages	positive
the dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest i've ever had).	sardines with biscuits	positive
the dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest i've ever had).	large whole shrimp	positive
the dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest i've ever had).	pistachio ice cream	positive
the food is reliable and the price is moderate.	food	positive
the food is reliable and the price is moderate.	price	neutral
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	ambiance	positive
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	atmosphere	positive
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	food	negative
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	service	negative
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.	server	positive
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.	food	neutral
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.	drinks	neutral
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.	served	positive
we were in search of food and stumbled on this block of indian restaurants on east sixth street.	food	neutral
planet thailand has always been a hit with me , i go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .	sushi	positive
planet thailand has always been a hit with me , i go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .	thai food	positive
very excited to hear that short-term chef jason narone has moved on, he truly was a low point of their sterling track record.	chef	negative
i had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.	service	negative
i had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.	table	negative
the sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.	garlic	positive
the sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.	fresh tomatoes	positive
the sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.	sauce on the pizza	positive
we recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since i had my yorkie with me.	outdoor seating	positive
my husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.	mesclun	positive
my husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.	salmon	positive
my husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.	ice cream	positive
my husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.	courses	positive
we were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call.	wait	neutral
the food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.	food	positive
the food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.	place	negative
super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	staff	positive
super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	bistro fare	positive
super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	chilaquiles	positive
super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	jazz brunch	positive
super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	live jazz	positive
the prices were fantastic.	prices	positive
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...	bill	conflict
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...	measures of liquers	positive
the table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry, i understood they were busy.	table service	conflict
the table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry, i understood they were busy.	service	neutral
it's not mind-blowing, but to me, thai food never is and never will be.	thai food	neutral
food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though i wish the pork belly that i ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).	food	positive
food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though i wish the pork belly that i ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).	pork belly	negative
food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though i wish the pork belly that i ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).	fat	negative
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.	food	positive
it is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner.	tables	negative
it is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner.	dinner	positive
it is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner.	place	positive
i love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap.	pizza	positive
nicky the nose at the bar is a treat.	bar	neutral
service was prompt, friendly and great.	service	positive
i haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.	lamb chop	positive
i haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.	salads	positive
i haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.	lemon	positive
i haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.	extra virgnin olive oil	positive
the sushi was awful!	sushi	negative
you can get an excellent meal at most of the many indian restaurants on nearby lexington avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here.	meal	positive
you can get an excellent meal at most of the many indian restaurants on nearby lexington avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here.	cost	conflict
you can get an excellent meal at most of the many indian restaurants on nearby lexington avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here.	dishes	positive
the pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.	pastrami sandwich	positive
the pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.	beer	positive
the pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.	pickles	positive
the plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothingon the rest.	plain pizza	negative
the plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothingon the rest.	truffle oil	neutral
the plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothingon the rest.	wild mushroom(third generation-fornini) pizza	positive
late nite omelletes are not good here, there is no variety!	omelletes	negative
after all that, they complained to me about the small tip.	tip	negative
it's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner.	lunch	positive
it's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner.	dinner	positive
behind this counter, two men are squeezed in.	counter	negative
whenever you need a sushi fix, mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.	fish	positive
whenever you need a sushi fix, mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.	service	positive
whenever you need a sushi fix, mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.	sushi fix	positive
our waitress was sweet and accomodating, not overbearing.	waitress	positive
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.	reservation sigh	neutral
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.	table	negative
i was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there.	food	negative
the website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing.	place	conflict
despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.	menu	negative
despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.	food art	positive
the outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.	outdoor atmosphere	positive
a large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.	toppings	neutral
brick oven gallery is my pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere.	pizza	positive
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.	service	positive
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.	food	positive
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.	price	positive
for many people, this may not seem like aunthentic thai food because most places in nyc arent quite authentic.	thai food	negative
growing up in ny, i have eaten my share of bagels.	bagels	neutral
oh, don't even let me start with how expensive the bills were!	bills	negative
the scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.	scallion pancakes	neutral
the scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.	fried dumplings	neutral
all the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!	appetizers	positive
all the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!	salads	positive
all the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!	steak	positive
all the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!	pasta	positive
besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.	table	negative
besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.	served	negative
besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.	dishes	negative
besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.	table	negative
besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.	served	negative
besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.	bill	negative
service is top notch.	service	positive
the food now is inconsistent.	food	negative
you can also special order any kind of dumpling,etc.	dumpling	positive
i was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.	fondue appetizer	neutral
be careful before you request extra spice.	spice	neutral
the octopus eaters were floored by the octopus salad.	octopus salad	positive
we thought that this place is using too much of msg cooking in the foods.	foods	negative
we thought that this place is using too much of msg cooking in the foods.	msg cooking	negative
and the tom kha soup was pathetic.	tom kha soup	negative
i started out with a bombay beer which was big enough for two.	bombay beer	positive
the decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.	decor	positive
the decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.	dining hall	positive
the decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.	semi-private boths	positive
service was quick.	service	positive
drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!	service	negative
went there for an office lunch.	office lunch	neutral
the sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable.	sweet lassi	positive
the sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable.	lamb chettinad	positive
the sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable.	garlic naan	positive
the sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable.	rasamalai	negative
we've been following chef lyle's food around new york for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.	bistro fare	positive
we've been following chef lyle's food around new york for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.	chef	positive
we've been following chef lyle's food around new york for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.	food	positive
the best thing i tasted were the lambchops.	lambchops	positive
the spicy tuna and salmon are the best we've ever had.	spicy tuna	positive
the spicy tuna and salmon are the best we've ever had.	salmon	positive
even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	seafood	positive
even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	prices	negative
in addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.	food	positive
in addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.	prices	positive
upon entering, we were greeted by the owners, steven and frederick, who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts.	owners	positive
upon entering, we were greeted by the owners, steven and frederick, who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts.	hosts	positive
been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably.	quality value	negative
meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.	meat dishes	neutral
meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.	vegetarian-friendly choices	positive
reasonable prices.	prices	positive
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.	amuse bouche	positive
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.	dessert	positive
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.	tables	positive
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.	service	positive
try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.	crunchy tuna	positive
it won't break the bank but i also wouldnt come back for the food.	food	negative
all in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.	sushi	positive
it is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of disney type special effects.	live entertainment	positive
it is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of disney type special effects.	special effects	positive
if you're looking for perfect traditional sushi, go here - if you're looking for interesting combinations, try sushi of gari's (east side).	sushi	positive
if you're looking for perfect traditional sushi, go here - if you're looking for interesting combinations, try sushi of gari's (east side).	sushi	positive
no refills on fountain drinks, though.	fountain drinks	negative
wow over 100 beers to choose from.	beers	positive
be careful of portions - they're huge.	portions	positive
the steak tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.	steak tartare	positive
my first time there i happened not to like the crab croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.	crab croquette apt	negative
great for large groups and celebrations - our super happy waiter was the entertainment of the evening.	waiter	positive
did i mention the wine?	wine	neutral
plus, on wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited!	house wine	positive
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan.	bread	negative
the dim sum servings here are a bit larger than i'm used to.	dim sum servings	neutral
however, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.	management	neutral
however, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.	door	positive
however, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.	glass front	negative
we won't go to this place again for a good meal.	meal	negative
barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.	barbecued codfish	positive
barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.	seasoning	negative
barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.	texture	conflict
barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.	spice rub	negative
barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.	herb mix	negative
barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.	sauce	negative
after dinner, take your date to the huge dance floor, probably one of the biggest you'll see in ny.	dance floor	positive
after dinner, take your date to the huge dance floor, probably one of the biggest you'll see in ny.	dinner	neutral
taj mahal offeres gret value and great food.	value	positive
taj mahal offeres gret value and great food.	food	positive
has the chef and owner changed???	chef	neutral
has the chef and owner changed???	owner	neutral
my boyfriend and i recently had an early dinner at artisanal and was satisfied with our experience.	dinner	positive
but don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.	bacon	negative
but don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.	platter	negative
but don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.	in sandwiches	negative
but don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.	frying	negative
but don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.	bacos	negative
outstanding bagels, but you get what you pay for.	bagels	positive
pizza - the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!	pizza	positive
pizza - the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!	crust	positive
pizza - the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!	pizza	positive
pizza - the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!	toppings	neutral
pizza - the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!	bread	positive
i found it on a cold night, the perfect spot to warm up.	spot	positive
they even have a section in the menu called american chinese food!	menu	negative
they even have a section in the menu called american chinese food!	american chinese food	negative
service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.	service	positive
service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.	beef carpaachio	positive
service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.	pasta	positive
service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.	portion	positive
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together.	kalbi	neutral
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together.	nebbiolo	neutral
best italian food i ever had (and being italian, that means alot).	italian food	positive
i will recommend scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful italian food.	italian food	positive
located at the end of a magnificent block.	located	positive
looking around, i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.	meal	positive
looking around, i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.	room	neutral
looking around, i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.	clubhouse	negative
they don't walk around with the trays of dim sum.	trays of dim sum	neutral
great bar, most gorgeous bartenders you've ever seen (specifically the blond lady).	bar	positive
great bar, most gorgeous bartenders you've ever seen (specifically the blond lady).	bartenders	positive
we were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.	dessert	neutral
we were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.	waitress	negative
we were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.	bill	neutral
i really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.	cheff	positive
i really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.	food	positive
they came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant.	cheese	negative
i had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.	meal	positive
i had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.	server	positive
i had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.	wine	positive
i had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.	wine	negative
i had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.	price range	positive
i had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.	priced	neutral
the svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	svc	negative
the food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.	food	positive
the food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.	dishes	positive
the food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.	drinks	positive
but the main hit was the whole grilled fish.	whole grilled fish	positive
i had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.	tuna tartare	positive
i had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.	sake	positive
i had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.	mushroom ravioli	positive
i had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.	pinot noir	positive
i had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.	chocolate sampler	positive
i had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.	dessert wine	positive
on a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.	lunch	positive
the food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.	food	positive
the food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.	service	positive
i usually go there later at night when i get off work so i don't have to deal with crowds or lines.	lines	negative
i usually go there later at night when i get off work so i don't have to deal with crowds or lines.	crowds	negative
pizza here is consistently good.	pizza	positive
we had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.	shows	positive
we had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.	food	positive
we had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.	characters	positive
after 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.	waiter	negative
after 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.	beers	neutral
after 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.	manager	negative
after 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.	reservations	positive
wouldn't recomend it for dinner!	dinner	negative
sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.	sauce	negative
sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.	food	negative
sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.	flavor	negative
my husband and i enjoy sangria.	sangria	positive
but after last night, spice grill is the only place i'm eating indian cuisine.	indian cuisine	positive
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.	pasta dish	positive
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.	served	positive
first the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...	bread	negative
first the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...	appetizer	neutral
first the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...	glass of wine	neutral
first the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...	main course	neutral
not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!	neighborhood	positive
not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!	food	positive
in an area sadly lacking in decent thai food, this is one of the best spots.	thai food	positive
tell them herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter.	waiter	negative
make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to time square.	hosting staff	negative
make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to time square.	reservations	negative
make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to time square.	reservation	neutral
make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to time square.	seating	negative
the food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.	food	positive
the food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.	dishes	positive
they don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.	specials	negative
they don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.	ingredients	negative
they don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.	thai	neutral
other apetizers and food	apetizers	neutral
other apetizers and food	food	neutral
the noodle and rices dishes taste great.	noodle and rices dishes	positive
the food's as good as ever.	food	positive
the crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.	crust	positive
the crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.	staff	positive
the crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.	ingredients	positive
also a little more expensive than your average bagel place.	bagel	neutral
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.	food	negative
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.	vegetables	negative
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.	sauce	negative
and the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating.	fried clams	positive
the sauces used are also not that exciting.	sauces	negative
the secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.	lunch menu	positive
the secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.	appetizer	positive
the secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.	entree	positive
the rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.	rice	negative
the rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.	quality	negative
the rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.	cooked	negative
we had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses!	champagne	positive
we had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses!	caviar	positive
the shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.	shrimp scampi	positive
the shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.	antipasti	positive
when my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.	dessert	neutral
when my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.	waiter	positive
i got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.	dim sum combo	positive
there is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.	seating	negative
there is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.	food	neutral
there is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.	wait	negative
if it's just a quick martini at the bar (which i recommend jeffery's) or a mind blowing roast chicken, go to village!	martini	neutral
if it's just a quick martini at the bar (which i recommend jeffery's) or a mind blowing roast chicken, go to village!	bar	neutral
if it's just a quick martini at the bar (which i recommend jeffery's) or a mind blowing roast chicken, go to village!	roast chicken	positive
there was a long wait for a table outside, but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice.	table	neutral
there was a long wait for a table outside, but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice.	insde table	positive
there was a long wait for a table outside, but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice.	wait	negative
the prices are wonderfully low.	prices	positive
if you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.	chicken vindaloo	neutral
if you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.	spicy food	neutral
i have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials.	lunch specials	positive
so much more than the usual bar food, go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers.	bar food	positive
so much more than the usual bar food, go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers.	menu	positive
so much more than the usual bar food, go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers.	hand-crafted beers	positive
no free drink.	drink	neutral
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.	food	positive
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.	service	positive
while they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.	capex	positive
while they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.	bagels	neutral
the two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place.	chefs	neutral
don't waste money on decor.	decor	neutral
they also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and french with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for?	back garden	positive
they also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and french with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for?	outdoor seating	positive
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.	nigiri	neutral
given the incredible architecture surrounding it, this place has no character.	architecture	positive
given the incredible architecture surrounding it, this place has no character.	place	negative
i'd call it an 'italian dinner'.	dinner	neutral
while the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	drinks	positive
while the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	place	negative
have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.	food	positive
their eggplant is so delicate, sweet tender!	eggplant	positive
each bite of food at kai was indeed delicious, fresh, and elegant.	food	positive
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.	food	positive
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.	quality of food	positive
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.	priced	neutral
my friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.	mushroom pizza	positive
i had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, i'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).	cod with paella	negative
i had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, i'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).	fish and chips	negative
i had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, i'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).	serving	negative
i had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, i'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).	fish	neutral
i had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, i'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).	fries	neutral
it's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the pink pony can be so ruined by lousy service.	place	positive
it's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the pink pony can be so ruined by lousy service.	service	negative
you should pass on the calamari.	calamari	negative
the porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.	porcini mushroom pasta special	negative
the porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.	seafood tagliatelle	negative
try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps.	spicy wontons	positive
try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps.	salt pepper shrimps	positive
the food portions are really large.	food portions	positive
the fries are yummy.	fries	positive
friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.	staff	positive
friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.	bar service	positive
best taiwanese food in ny!	taiwanese food	positive
this place is a great stop for great food.	food	positive
all the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that i have had in the city.	pastas	positive
all the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that i have had in the city.	homemade lasagna	positive
we laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, i feel.	dessert menu	neutral
we laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, i feel.	tip	positive
and the prices were way to high for what you get.	prices	negative
the staff ignored my friends and i the entire time we were there.	staff	negative
yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.	service	negative
the in-house lady dj on saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music, and moreover, takes requests.	music	positive
the in-house lady dj on saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music, and moreover, takes requests.	in-house lady dj	positive
i need at least three rolls to be full, and that's at least $14.00!	rolls	neutral
great wine list, reasonably priced.--sara	wine list	positive
great wine list, reasonably priced.--sara	priced	positive
the hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.	hot dogs	negative
the hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.	buns	negative
while the food was excellent, it wasn't cheap (though not extremely expensive either).	food	positive
beef noodle soup is good as well.	beef noodle soup	positive
delivery service is great too.	delivery service	positive
the food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic thai cuisine.	food	positive
the food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic thai cuisine.	thai cuisine	positive
the food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic thai cuisine.	flavors	positive
i recieved prompt service with a smile.	service	positive
they pray to their food gods to make them into a good pizza like vt's.	pizza	negative
the place was quiet and delightful.	place	positive
the food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.	food	positive
the food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.	food	positive
the food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.	herbs	positive
the food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.	tomatoes	positive
as much as i like the food there, i can't bring myself to go back.	food	positive
it looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.	shredded cheese	negative
the prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the west village.	prices	positive
the prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the west village.	ambience	positive
the soup is pretty good too.	soup	positive
it is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in nyc with a week's notice.	reservation	positive
i have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats.	root vegetables	positive
i have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats.	mushroom consomme	positive
i have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats.	chef	positive
if you go to roth's try to be served by mike, he is great!!	served	positive
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, i agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .	food	neutral
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, i agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .	ambiance	neutral
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, i agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .	service	neutral
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, i agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .	wait staff	negative
i always get the shabu-shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh.	shabu-shabu dinner	neutral
i always get the shabu-shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh.	beef	positive
the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!	pizza	negative
the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!	cheese	negative
we were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a sunday night.	food	positive
nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.	comfort	negative
nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.	decor	negative
nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.	wait staff	negative
nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.	meals	negative
nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.	pho	positive
nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.	vegtables	positive
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	service	neutral
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	ambiance	neutral
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	food	negative
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	presentaion	negative
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	taste	negative
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	choice	negative
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	quality	negative
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	quantity	negative
i live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of the pizza place at 3am.	bar scene	positive
if i could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in nyc.	people	positive
if i could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in nyc.	pizza	negative
the food is amazing!!!!	food	positive
having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit, but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues.	food	positive
having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit, but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues.	oil	neutral
the portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	portions	negative
the portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	sauces	negative
the portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	service	positive
for the price, you cannot eat this well in manhattan.	price	positive
the owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!	owner	positive
the owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!	pizza	positive
the atmosphere is great!!!	atmosphere	positive
with so many good restaurants on the uws, i don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	food	negative
with so many good restaurants on the uws, i don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	wait-staff	negative
with so many good restaurants on the uws, i don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	service	negative
with so many good restaurants on the uws, i don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	management	negative
with so many good restaurants on the uws, i don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	diner	negative
i tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.	sea urchin	positive
the service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.	service	negative
the service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.	food	positive
the bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.	bruscetta	negative
the bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.	salads	positive
the bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.	dishes	positive
the bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.	mix of greens	positive
the bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.	iceberg	neutral
the bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.	served	positive
the atmosphere isn't the greatest , but i suppose that's how they keep the prices down .	atmosphere	neutral
the atmosphere isn't the greatest , but i suppose that's how they keep the prices down .	prices	positive
the pickles were great addition.	pickles	positive
if your favorite chinese food is general tao chicken, then this is not your place.	general tao chicken	negative
if your favorite chinese food is general tao chicken, then this is not your place.	chinese food	neutral
you must try the shrimp appetizers.	shrimp appetizers	positive
not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.	cuisine	positive
not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.	service	positive
the production is a symphony, alot of fun to experience.the food sublime for the most part.	food	positive
waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.	waiters	negative
waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.	food portions	negative
waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.	drinks	neutral
waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.	entree	negative
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and wouldn't miss roxy,s food is expensive but it's new york!	food	conflict
the cold appetizer dishes taste like the way i remember them to taste when i was growing up in taiwan.	cold appetizer dishes	positive
the restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.	bar	neutral
interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.	wines	positive
interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.	service	positive
interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.	decor	positive
any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.	reservation	positive
any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.	drink	neutral
any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.	bar	neutral
whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to northern italy with one bite.	parmesean porcini souffle	positive
whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to northern italy with one bite.	lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar	positive
the food at this place is 'gourmet' indian cuisine.	food	neutral
the food at this place is 'gourmet' indian cuisine.	'gourmet' indian cuisine	neutral
but the thing that my wife and i hated was it was so loud and it felt like 'bar' or 'pub'.	bar	negative
but the thing that my wife and i hated was it was so loud and it felt like 'bar' or 'pub'.	pub	negative
while there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich, katz's has a charm about it.	corned beef sandwich	positive
however, looking at the table next to ours, we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza, which looked perrrrrrrrrfect.	pizza	positive
priced at upper intermediate range.	priced	negative
the fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.	fish	conflict
if you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.	food	negative
if you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.	amount	negative
try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.	olive cream cheese	positive
try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.	lox spread	positive
try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.	bagel	neutral
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.	service	positive
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.	server	positive
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.	table	neutral
i don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.	music	negative
the rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.	rice to fish ration	positive
the rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.	rice	positive
they used shredded cheese on top!	shredded cheese	neutral
the food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.	food	positive
the food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.	selecion of wines	positive
the food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.	prices	positive
the only positive was the wait staff, which was prompt, knowledgable, and likeable.	wait staff	positive
i couldn't reccommend their godmother pizza any higher.	godmother pizza	positive
i am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.	dishes	positive
i was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine!!!	thai cuisine	positive
for the location, the prices are very reasonable.	prices	positive
for the location, the prices are very reasonable.	location	neutral
the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.	food	neutral
the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.	prices	neutral
my friend's food was also the complete opposite of what it's supposed to taste like (and look like).	food	negative
i ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.	crab cocktail	negative
i ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.	lime juice concoction	neutral
i ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.	lime	neutral
i would like to return and try some of the other menu items when i don't have to rush off to a show.	menu items	positive
we have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.	food	positive
we have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.	wine	positive
we have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.	service	positive
hopefully next time, i will save room for dessert.	dessert	neutral
not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.	dinner	positive
the corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth.	corned beef	positive
the best chicken pad tai, i've ever had.	chicken pad tai	positive
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.	sushi	neutral
haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on park avenue south and friendly service.	fish	positive
haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on park avenue south and friendly service.	service	positive
haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on park avenue south and friendly service.	ambiance	positive
haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on park avenue south and friendly service.	location	positive
warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.	outdoor seating	positive
very romantic fires - i've literally spent hours at lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.	wine	positive
very romantic fires - i've literally spent hours at lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.	ambience	positive
very romantic fires - i've literally spent hours at lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.	wine	positive
we got a little tipsy from the sake but isn't that what saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about?	sake	neutral
i almost wanted to write a bad review, so no one would ever go here and i could have all the dumplings to myself!	dumplings	positive
always a nice crowd, but never loud.	crowd	positive
my turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.	turkey burger	negative
my turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.	salmon	negative
the service is spotty, sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there.	service	conflict
decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend.	decor	neutral
his drinks are very inventive, delicious and classy.	drinks	positive
great food, great prices, great service.	food	positive
great food, great prices, great service.	prices	positive
great food, great prices, great service.	service	positive
this isn't your corner chinese food takeout.	chinese food	neutral
awsome pizza especially the margheritta slice.	pizza	positive
awsome pizza especially the margheritta slice.	margheritta	positive
this place, however, has a lot less pretension than joya and the thai food is still above-average.	place	positive
this place, however, has a lot less pretension than joya and the thai food is still above-average.	thai food	positive
try ordering from the regular menu, then you would not regret!	menu	positive
told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.	table	negative
uni from maine vs california, sea vs freshwater eel) to get a good taste comparison.	eel	neutral
we started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.	lox	positive
we started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.	mussels	positive
we started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.	cod	neutral
we started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.	trout	neutral
we started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.	dinner	neutral
the crispy chicken wasn't for us, though.	crispy chicken	negative
food is great.	food	positive
i recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!	meatballs	positive
i recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!	caprese salad	positive
i recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!	beans on toast	positive
i recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!	meal	neutral
this place is incredibly tiny.	place	negative
i didn't complain, i liked the atmosphere so much.	atmosphere	positive
in reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.	diners	neutral
in reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.	reservations	negative
in reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.	tables	negative
in reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.	lobby	neutral
in reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.	waiting	negative
the wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.	wine	positive
the wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.	tapas	positive
the wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.	pita bread	positive
but when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.	waitresses	positive
but when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.	price	positive
but when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.	service	positive
but when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.	menu	neutral
but when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.	food	neutral
i've been to several places for dim sum and this has got to be the worst.	dim sum	negative
the freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.	variety	positive
the freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.	delivery	positive
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food.	service	positive
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food.	food	positive
it's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.	service	positive
it's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.	seat	neutral
dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time.	dinner	negative
the people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud.	people	negative
the sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.	sandwiches	negative
price no more than a jersey deli but way better.	price	positive
the fried rice is really good too.	fried rice	positive
we were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager tony gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections.	staff	positive
we were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager tony gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections.	manager	positive
we were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager tony gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections.	menu selections	positive
made my dining experience uncomfortable.	dining experience	negative
still stay away, the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer...	serves	negative
i was with a party of 7 (close but not next the the front doors) and we were eating with our coats on.	front doors	neutral
a very inviting restaurant, with friendly service.	service	positive
the back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.	back garden sitting area	positive
the back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.	personal herb garden	positive
good french restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at katz' deli, or mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.	pastrami sandwiches	neutral
good french restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at katz' deli, or mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.	mexican food	neutral
the drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.	drinks	positive
the drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.	wine selection	neutral
the drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.	priced	positive
we also had shared a house salad that was fresh.	house salad	positive
the ceiling is amazing!	ceiling	positive
and at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.	check	neutral
and at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.	table	neutral
and at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.	glass of water	neutral
not a small feat for good french food in the area.	french food	positive
the space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.	live music	neutral
the space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.	space	negative
the space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.	jazz nights	neutral
food was average but tasty.	food	positive
big wong gets big ups for a fine establishment.	establishment	positive
the entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.	entree	negative
the entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.	dessert	negative
the staff was the friendliest that have seen in new york.	staff	positive
with the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.	food	neutral
with the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.	lemon salad	negative
with the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.	pepper	negative
the pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, i've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.	pad thai	conflict
the pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, i've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.	lad nar	conflict
the pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, i've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.	dishes	conflict
the pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, i've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.	places	negative
the pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, i've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.	thai food	neutral
delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	food	positive
delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	price	positive
delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	front door	neutral
my picks: guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).	guizhou chicken	positive
my picks: guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).	fish with hot bean source	positive
my picks: guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).	fish fillet in spicy source	positive
my picks: guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).	special menu	positive
overall, i'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its chinatown.	prices	positive
admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm, but the open kitchen is part of the charm.	open kitchen	positive
pizza was a little soggy.	pizza	negative
the food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.	food	positive
the food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.	bhelpuri	positive
the food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.	sevpuri	positive
the food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.	samosa chaats	positive
the food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.	indian appetizers	positive
the food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.	bombay style chaat	positive
the singapore mai fun had no curry flavor whatsoever.	singapore mai fun	negative
the singapore mai fun had no curry flavor whatsoever.	curry flavor	negative
the only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.	manager	negative
the wine list is interesting and has many good values.	wine list	positive
i'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.	food	negative
this restaurant used to be our regular thursday night dinner location.	dinner location	neutral
definite go if you're used to good indian restaurant food from abroad.	indian restaurant food	positive
thr at moshphere is compact, modern, yet cozy.	at moshphere	positive
by far, the best pizza in manhattan.	pizza	positive
decent thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little nolita hangout, but service terrible.	thai food	positive
decent thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little nolita hangout, but service terrible.	service	negative
the waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.	waiter	negative
the waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.	water	neutral
the food is mostly made from scratch, fresh and well prepared.	food	positive
worse of all, $60 was erroneously added to our $80 bill.	bill	negative
no more reservations, expensive tips and annoying stuff.	reservations	positive
no more reservations, expensive tips and annoying stuff.	tips	positive
no more reservations, expensive tips and annoying stuff.	stuff	positive
try the sea bass.	sea bass	positive
$20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- i even took a friend here from japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the us that he has been to.	sushi	positive
$20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- i even took a friend here from japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the us that he has been to.	sushi places	positive
$20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- i even took a friend here from japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the us that he has been to.	quality	positive
sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.	sushi	neutral
sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.	price	negative
during our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.	management	positive
during our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.	meal	neutral
during our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.	round of drinks	neutral
but they don't have a toaster, which is strange.	toaster	negative
so, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.	food	positive
the menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.	taste	negative
the menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.	menu choices	neutral
the menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.	flavor	negative
a must for all the dosa lovers.	dosa	positive
the portions are huge, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.	portions	positive
the portions are huge, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.	appetizer	neutral
the portions are huge, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.	entree	neutral
the appetizers are just ok and the main courses were decidedly subpar.	appetizers	neutral
the appetizers are just ok and the main courses were decidedly subpar.	main courses	negative
someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.	dessert	negative
the exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.	exotic food	positive
the staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table.	staff	positive
the staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table.	table	positive
try the mediterranean salad, it is a true experience for your taste buds!!	mediterranean salad	positive
people are always friendly.	people	positive
the cream cheeses are out of this world and i love that coffee!!	cream cheeses	positive
the cream cheeses are out of this world and i love that coffee!!	coffee	positive
from the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.	entrees	positive
from the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.	sides	positive
from the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.	drinks	positive
service was prompt and courteous.	service	positive
it was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap (undercooked) beef.	beef version	negative
it was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap (undercooked) beef.	beef	negative
chance is a small cozy restaurant, with a romantic feel to it, the decor is great.	decor	positive
it was nice and fresh, but i can't give it high scores on being authentic thai.	thai	negative
got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.	club soda, filled with ice, no lime	neutral
only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.	wine	neutral
only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.	beer	neutral
only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.	house varities	positive
only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.	served	negative
this place must have cost the owners afortune to build.	owners	neutral
this place must have cost the owners afortune to build.	cost	negative
oh, and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough- yummy!	pudding dessert	positive
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap.	vegetable samosa	positive
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap.	malai tikka wrap	positive
knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.	chef	negative
knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.	waitress	negative
we were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.	drinks	neutral
decent wine selection too.	wine selection	positive
it saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.	bar	negative
it saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.	waiting	negative
it saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.	table	negative
i have to say i have never had a disapointing meal here.	meal	positive
mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).	goat cheese	positive
mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).	panchetta	positive
mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).	raddichio	negative
disappointing food, lousy service.	food	negative
disappointing food, lousy service.	service	negative
if you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.	food	positive
if you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.	service	positive
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.	kinds of beer	positive
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.	drink	neutral
over price, and small portions .	price	negative
over price, and small portions .	portions	negative
meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.	bartender	positive
meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.	champagne	neutral
meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.	turnip soup with pureed basil	positive
the food was well prepared and the service impecable.	food	positive
the food was well prepared and the service impecable.	service	positive
but their best dish is thh thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.	dish	positive
but their best dish is thh thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.	thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp	positive
but their best dish is thh thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.	dish	positive
but their best dish is thh thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.	cost	positive
good, dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch.	atmosphere	positive
good, dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch.	music	positive
my husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.	portions	negative
my husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.	portion	positive
my husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.	main course	negative
but the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished.	thai	negative
great for groups, great for a date, great for early brunch or a nightcap.	brunch	positive
great for groups, great for a date, great for early brunch or a nightcap.	nightcap	positive
our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.	food suggestions	positive
our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.	server	positive
our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.	sommelier	positive
our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.	fromager	positive
our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.	wine	neutral
our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.	cheese	neutral
because we didn't have a reservation, we could only sit in the back garden, but it was great, secluded and perfect in nice weather.	back garden	positive
because we didn't have a reservation, we could only sit in the back garden, but it was great, secluded and perfect in nice weather.	reservation	negative
stuffing yourself with japanese food is a rare thing.	japanese food	neutral
while the food was good (certainly no il mulino) the service was horrendous.	food	positive
while the food was good (certainly no il mulino) the service was horrendous.	service	negative
service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.	service	negative
service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.	price category	negative
our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.	entertainment	positive
i would recommend reservations on weekends though.	reservations	neutral
great pizza for lunch place.	pizza	positive
the food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.	food	conflict
the food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.	lunch	negative
we were a group of 8 and well seved.	seved	positive
the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese.	signs	positive
the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese.	specials menus	positive
the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese.	food	positive
the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese.	waitstaff	positive
i love their spicy scallop roll, and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken.	scallop roll	positive
i love their spicy scallop roll, and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken.	sesame chicken	positive
i'm no food critic, but i'd like to think i have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in ny for the last 11 years.	food	neutral
i noted it was crossed off on the bill.	bill	neutral
best dish is nori-wrapped tuna.	nori-wrapped tuna	positive
best dish is nori-wrapped tuna.	dish	positive
the food was absolutely amazing!!	food	positive
some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.	servers	negative
some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.	food	neutral
an excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.	fast food	negative
an excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.	food	negative
mermaid inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.	seafood	positive
the staff is also attentive and friendly.	staff	positive
the all you can eat deal is truly amazing here.	all you can eat deal	positive
that is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.	dish	negative
that is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.	taste	neutral
that is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.	dishes	negative
they were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.	meat patties in steamed buns	negative
all of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!	pizzas	positive
all of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!	price	positive
it is about food and ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.	food	negative
it is about food and ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.	ambiance	negative
the food was good too.	food	positive
immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.	waiter	negative
the dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!	dining room	positive
the dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!	music	positive
admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in new york or anywhere in the us.	sushi	positive
admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in new york or anywhere in the us.	fish	neutral
the menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them.	menu	positive
the menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them.	variety of dishes	positive
the menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them.	seafood	positive
the white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal.	white bean brushetta	positive
the white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal.	pasta	positive
the rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats.	menu	conflict
the rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats.	eats	positive
the menu is nothing like the one on the website.	menu	negative
great food, great lay out and awesome service.	food	positive
great food, great lay out and awesome service.	lay out	positive
great food, great lay out and awesome service.	service	positive
ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.	cart attendant	negative
ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.	lotus leaf wrapped rice	neutral
ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.	rice	neutral
we walked in on a wednesday night and were seated promptly.	seated	positive
the wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.	wait staff	positive
the waitstaff are all very busy, it's not outstanding service, but i've never been dealt with rudely.	waitstaff	negative
the waitstaff are all very busy, it's not outstanding service, but i've never been dealt with rudely.	service	conflict
i have lived in japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in japan.	food	positive
i have lived in japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in japan.	feel	positive
i have lived in japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in japan.	taste	positive
they have it all -- great price, food, and service.	price	positive
they have it all -- great price, food, and service.	food	positive
they have it all -- great price, food, and service.	service	positive
the flavors are great, and the menu is extensive.	flavors	positive
the flavors are great, and the menu is extensive.	menu	positive
the food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!	food	positive
the food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!	service	positive
the food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!	ambience	positive
this place has the best interior i have seen anywhere in the northside of w'burg, and will impress whoever you bring there.	interior	positive
this place has the best interior i have seen anywhere in the northside of w'burg, and will impress whoever you bring there.	place	positive
the food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down.	food	positive
i found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy.	sashimi plate	positive
and forget what you read under me, the atmosphere isn't that bad either.	atmosphere	neutral
we couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.	waitress	negative
we couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.	servants	negative
sometimes i get good food and ok service.	food	positive
sometimes i get good food and ok service.	service	neutral
it's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.	food	neutral
it's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.	noise	negative
after complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.	chicken dish	negative
after complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.	manager	negative
after complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.	dish	neutral
the food was spicy and delicious.	food	positive
went for a late weekday lunch.	lunch	neutral
bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.	bartender	negative
bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.	bar	neutral
anyways, if you're in the neighborhood to eat good food, i wouldn't waste my time trying to find something, rather go across the street to tamari.	food	positive
dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet.	prix fixe lunch	positive
dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet.	buffet	positive
although the place could be a little more eye catching and roomier, at the same time, it doesn't really matter.	place	conflict
this was my frist time at cafe st. bart's and i must say how delicous the food and the service was.	food	positive
this was my frist time at cafe st. bart's and i must say how delicous the food and the service was.	service	positive
went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers.	drinks	neutral
went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers.	appetizers	neutral
great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work.	hot bagel	positive
it's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).	chicken	negative
it's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).	oil	neutral
it's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).	pepper powder	neutral
it's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).	sauce	negative
one would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.	waiter	negative
one would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.	drinks	neutral
we actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	food	neutral
we actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	service	neutral
we actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	tip	negative
we were looking forward to nice glass of sangria when we arrived.	glass of sangria	positive
i would highly recommand requesting a table by the window.	table by the window	positive
while we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and slow service) and lack of remorse.	food	positive
while we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and slow service) and lack of remorse.	service	negative
while we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and slow service) and lack of remorse.	waiter	negative
while we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and slow service) and lack of remorse.	service	negative
the service, however, was a bright flower in a garden.	service	positive
we've been to grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed.	menu	positive
the food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.	food	positive
the food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.	food	neutral
a touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed.	jalapeno	positive
tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.	pad see ew	neutral
tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.	dishes	positive
we ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.	back patio	positive
we ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.	music	positive
the location is perfect.	location	positive
guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.	guacamole+shrimp appetizer	positive
guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.	filet	positive
guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.	frites	negative
guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.	filet	positive
the lunch special is an asbolute steal.	lunch special	positive
this food is asian-air fusion.	food	neutral
nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.	food	positive
nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.	price	positive
the chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.	the chicken pot pie	positive
the chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.	cheeseburger	positive
the chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.	service	positive
while i quite liked the food and the ambience, i'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window.	food	positive
while i quite liked the food and the ambience, i'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window.	ambience	positive
there are a few italian employees who may not speak the best english but for me that adds to the experience.	employees	conflict
once for dinner and once for brunch.	dinner	neutral
once for dinner and once for brunch.	brunch	neutral
not worth the prices.	prices	negative
from the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just fantastic.	staff	positive
service was good and food is wonderful.	service	positive
service was good and food is wonderful.	food	positive
she gets 10 for her excellent service and advice.	service	positive
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal	meal	positive
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods, indian included, i made friends with this place long ago.	spicy ethnic foods	positive
and i say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner.	dinner	negative
and i say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner.	snacking	neutral
the quality of food at this restaurant accompanied  by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!	quality of food	positive
the quality of food at this restaurant accompanied  by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!	live jazz	positive
i have eaten at saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.	food	positive
(always ask the bartender for the seasonal beer!!!	seasonal beer	positive
(always ask the bartender for the seasonal beer!!!	bartender	neutral
if your visiting, you'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it's in time sq...	ambiance	positive
we were on our way back to nj, and since i am in ny, we figured why not grab some food?	food	neutral
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective!	sandwiches	conflict
service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.	service	neutral
service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.	food	neutral
love the atmosphere - felt like i was in paris.	atmosphere	positive
every course was better than the next.	course	positive
the staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.	staff	positive
if presentation and service is your thing, then this magic show works.	service	positive
apparently, the good cook works then.	cook	positive
the yellowtail was particularly good as well.	yellowtail	positive
i ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil.	clams oreganta	positive
i ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil.	salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil	positive
the menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.	menu	negative
the menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.	portions	negative
the menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.	lentil dish	negative
the menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.	basmati rice dish	negative
the menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.	flavor	negative
spice is sleek, modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet.	menu	positive
patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.	cigar bar	positive
patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.	staff	positive
very affordable and excellent ambient!	ambient	positive
more important, the sushi rivals the best in tokyo.	sushi	positive
i have never had cheescake like this.	cheescake	positive
bill a little high, but worth it.	bill	conflict
my co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery, only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered.	delivery	negative
its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests.	entertaining	positive
why do people rave about the ambience.	ambience	negative
were meeting up with some friends for a drink at lafayette 161 and happened to walk by thai angel famished.	drink	neutral
fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.	fluke sashimi	positive
fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.	jalapeno-lime olive oil	positive
fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.	fruit of the oil	positive
fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.	fish	positive
great sushi experience.	sushi	positive
if you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to del frisco's!	meal	positive
if you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to del frisco's!	price	positive
they charge $6.00 for rice.	rice	negative
my steak au poivre was one of the worst i've had.	steak au poivre	negative
the owner and staff are all japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.	staff	positive
the owner and staff are all japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.	ambiance	positive
the owner and staff are all japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.	owner	positive
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.	congee	positive
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.	bread	positive
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.	donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh	positive
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	candle-light	positive
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	food-quality	positive
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	service	positive
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	tables	negative
the food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).	food	positive
the food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).	waiter	positive
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.	caviar	positive
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.	waitstaff	positive
perhaps this food is considered extreme to an upper east side resident, but for the rest of us who've actually eaten ethnic food, this is simply dull.	food	conflict
perhaps this food is considered extreme to an upper east side resident, but for the rest of us who've actually eaten ethnic food, this is simply dull.	ethnic food	negative
the place was real empty but that was because this was the first sunday they ever opened.	place	negative
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.	food	positive
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.	money	positive
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.	place	conflict
ambience is delightful, service impeccable.	ambience	positive
ambience is delightful, service impeccable.	service	positive
service was excellent, and the ac worked very well too (thank god, it was hot!).	service	positive
service was excellent, and the ac worked very well too (thank god, it was hot!).	ac	positive
you get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice.	people	positive
both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.	cooks	positive
my friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great!	sushi rolls	positive
although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.	prices	neutral
although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.	dinner menu to sit	neutral
although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.	take out	neutral
the staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	staff	positive
the staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	food	positive
the staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	place	positive
my picks are:  - scallion pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - guizhou chicken  - shredded squid family style (one of my personal favorites)  - sichuan spicy soft shell crab  - shuizhu fish (this one is for hardcore sichuan food fans, i wouldn't recommend to my american friends as it's very spicy.	scallion pancake	positive
my picks are:  - scallion pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - guizhou chicken  - shredded squid family style (one of my personal favorites)  - sichuan spicy soft shell crab  - shuizhu fish (this one is for hardcore sichuan food fans, i wouldn't recommend to my american friends as it's very spicy.	vegetable juice	positive
my picks are:  - scallion pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - guizhou chicken  - shredded squid family style (one of my personal favorites)  - sichuan spicy soft shell crab  - shuizhu fish (this one is for hardcore sichuan food fans, i wouldn't recommend to my american friends as it's very spicy.	guizhou chicken	positive
my picks are:  - scallion pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - guizhou chicken  - shredded squid family style (one of my personal favorites)  - sichuan spicy soft shell crab  - shuizhu fish (this one is for hardcore sichuan food fans, i wouldn't recommend to my american friends as it's very spicy.	shredded squid family style	positive
my picks are:  - scallion pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - guizhou chicken  - shredded squid family style (one of my personal favorites)  - sichuan spicy soft shell crab  - shuizhu fish (this one is for hardcore sichuan food fans, i wouldn't recommend to my american friends as it's very spicy.	sichuan spicy soft shell crab	positive
my picks are:  - scallion pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - guizhou chicken  - shredded squid family style (one of my personal favorites)  - sichuan spicy soft shell crab  - shuizhu fish (this one is for hardcore sichuan food fans, i wouldn't recommend to my american friends as it's very spicy.	shuizhu fish	positive
my picks are:  - scallion pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - guizhou chicken  - shredded squid family style (one of my personal favorites)  - sichuan spicy soft shell crab  - shuizhu fish (this one is for hardcore sichuan food fans, i wouldn't recommend to my american friends as it's very spicy.	sichuan food	neutral
they smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.	spinach mushroom calzone	negative
they smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.	canned vegetables	negative
to celebrate a birthday, three of us went to mare anticipating great food.	food	neutral
there was a great deal for 6 blue point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!	blue point oysters	neutral
there was a great deal for 6 blue point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!	beer	neutral
there was a great deal for 6 blue point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!	glass of wine	neutral
i really liked the noodle dishes at rice avenue compared to their green curry dish.	noodle dishes	positive
i really liked the noodle dishes at rice avenue compared to their green curry dish.	green curry dish	negative
but for whatever reason, prices are about twice as high.	prices	negative
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.	service	negative
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.	food	negative
great atmoshere and worth every bit.	atmoshere	positive
the spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!	spicy tuna roll	positive
the spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!	rock shrimp tempura	positive
the spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!	appetizer	positive
the staff was knowledgeable and full of personality.	staff	positive
great staff.	staff	positive
only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, i'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!	cost	negative
only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, i'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!	meal	neutral
only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, i'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!	seat	negative
to finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the white chocolate bread pudding with gelato and hot chocolate.	dessert	positive
to finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the white chocolate bread pudding with gelato and hot chocolate.	white chocolate bread pudding with gelato and hot chocolate	positive
to finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the white chocolate bread pudding with gelato and hot chocolate.	dinner	positive
the banana tower is an amazing dessert as well.	banana tower	positive
the banana tower is an amazing dessert as well.	dessert	positive
excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.	atmosphere	positive
excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.	dishes	positive
excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.	service	positive
a cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.	place	positive
a cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.	drinks	positive
a cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.	desserts	positive
great vibe, lots of people.	vibe	positive
i like mamoun's food as well, but side by side, kati rolls just produce tastier food hands down.	food	positive
i like mamoun's food as well, but side by side, kati rolls just produce tastier food hands down.	food	positive
the service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in napoli, italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.	service	negative
the service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in napoli, italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.	dinner	neutral
the service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in napoli, italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.	table	positive
but that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing i have ever had.	icing on the cake	negative
but that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing i have ever had.	tiramisu	negative
great food and the prices are very reasonable.	food	positive
great food and the prices are very reasonable.	prices	positive
wine list is not huge but def well selected.	wine list	conflict
a cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.	bar	positive
a cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.	food	positive
a cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.	beer	positive
be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.	specials	positive
the ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.	ambience	positive
the ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.	service	positive
fresh, authentic, french cuisine in substantial portions.	french cuisine	positive
fresh, authentic, french cuisine in substantial portions.	portions	positive
drinks got screwed up, she acted put upon.	drinks	negative
the one vegetarian entree (abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.	vegetarian entree	positive
the one vegetarian entree (abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.	abby's treasure	positive
the one vegetarian entree (abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.	wintermelon	positive
the one vegetarian entree (abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.	assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables	positive
at 5 dumplings for $1, you just cannot go wrong.	dumplings	positive
but the pizza is way to expensive.	pizza	negative
and the staff is also young, energeic and hot!!!!	staff	positive
even better, they know how to cook french classics like steak au poivre and onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it.	steak au poivre	positive
even better, they know how to cook french classics like steak au poivre and onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it.	onglet	positive
service was decent, but not as smooth as i would expect from a place with these prices and reputation.	service	conflict
service was decent, but not as smooth as i would expect from a place with these prices and reputation.	prices	negative
service was decent, but not as smooth as i would expect from a place with these prices and reputation.	reputation	positive
we had a wonderful meal at naples 45 a month ago on a visit to nyc.	meal	positive
good drink.	drink	positive
great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.	food	positive
great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.	spinach and corn dumplings	positive
great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.	service	positive
great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.	bathroom	positive
great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.	massamman curry	positive
we had a girls' night dinner here for restaurant week.	dinner	neutral
however, i was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from london noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling.	ceiling	negative
however, i was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from london noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling.	dinner	neutral
my chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.	chow fun and chow see	negative
even though i made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!	table	positive
even though i made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!	reservation	positive
even though i made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!	seated	positive
we did notice however, that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan.	pita	negative
we did notice however, that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan.	naan	negative
i didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.	menu	neutral
i didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.	oysters	positive
the grilled cheese at home afterwards was better.!!	grilled cheese	positive
the red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside.	doors	conflict
great service, great food.	service	positive
great service, great food.	food	positive
the food is expensive, but worth every bite.	food	conflict
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.	food	negative
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.	service	negative
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.	service	negative
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.	good	positive
when we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.	waitress	negative
when we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.	check	neutral
in summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of suan)!!!	terrace	positive
it's the perfect restaurant for ny life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...	design	positive
it's the perfect restaurant for ny life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...	drinks	positive
it's the perfect restaurant for ny life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...	food	positive
it's the perfect restaurant for ny life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...	bar	neutral
we did have to wait at the bar for approx.	bar	neutral
if you love seafood, you would love this place!	seafood	positive
if you love seafood, you would love this place!	place	positive
good, fast service.	service	positive
they charge different prices all the time.	prices	negative
i was in love with pongsri on 48th, but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	service	negative
my friends and i experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at artisanal last night.	cheese	positive
my friends and i experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at artisanal last night.	menu	positive
it's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic, even.	atmoshere	positive
it is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with japanese cuisine.	japanese cuisine	negative
in terms of the food itself -- nothing special, we limited ourselves to several appetizers.	food	neutral
in terms of the food itself -- nothing special, we limited ourselves to several appetizers.	appetizers	neutral
love the jazz bands on fri and sat.	jazz bands	positive
to begin, we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave, when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready.	hostess	positive
to begin, we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave, when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready.	wait	negative
to begin, we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave, when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready.	table	positive
the servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait (shortly i might add).	servers	positive
the service was ok.	service	neutral
when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not mcdonald's, every place makes things differently while it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.	dish	neutral
don't expect to sit down inside though, there are only a few tables and they are always full.	tables	negative
the staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!	staff	positive
the staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!	ambiance	positive
the staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!	food	positive
the food was delicious (i had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.	food	positive
the food was delicious (i had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.	halibut special	positive
the food was delicious (i had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.	steak	positive
the food was delicious (i had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.	service	positive
the manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.	manager	negative
the manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.	bill	neutral
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.	japanese comfort food	positive
we took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.	half price sushi deal	positive
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.	reservation	neutral
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.	seated	positive
we were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry.	appetizer platter	neutral
the staff are attentive, and have smiles on their faces.	staff	positive
no dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy midtown.	dress codes	positive
no dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy midtown.	attitudes	positive
no dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy midtown.	place	positive
largest and freshest pieces of sushi, and delicious!	pieces of sushi	positive
even the pasta is delicious here (a rarity in new york pizza restaurants).	pasta	positive
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.	menu	negative
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.	dumplings	neutral
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.	appetizer	negative
maybe i say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.	jewish deli food	conflict
after my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer.	manager	positive
now if they could only get a toaster.	toaster	negative
when he's not making authentic neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.	neapolitan pizza	positive
when he's not making authentic neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.	zucchini blossoms	positive
wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws!	wait staff	negative
wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws!	pie	positive
the ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at joe's.	ingredients	positive
the ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at joe's.	crust	positive
the ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at joe's.	slice	positive
fish is so very fresh.	fish	positive
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food.	prices	positive
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food.	service	positive
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food.	food	positive
top spot in town for vietnamese classics, better than places that cost a lot more.	vietnamese classics	positive
less wait time for me!	wait time	positive
the decor is really blah, and not at all hip or happening.	decor	negative
having discovered ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.	fish tanks	positive
it appears to be the owner's first venture and it shows.	owner	negative
i come from a family of pizzeria owners, and i'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in fornino's blows my families receipies away.	pizza	positive
we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai.	beef	negative
we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai.	noodle soup dishes	negative
we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai.	menu	negative
they have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.	cream cheeses	positive
they have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.	salads	positive
the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great.	lobster sandwich	positive
the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great.	spaghetti with scallops and shrimp	positive
the food was authentic.	food	positive
the dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.	dim sum	positive
the dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.	prices	positive
i only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce, but it actually faired better than most nyc italian joints i've tried similar dishes at.	spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce	positive
i only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce, but it actually faired better than most nyc italian joints i've tried similar dishes at.	dish	positive
i only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce, but it actually faired better than most nyc italian joints i've tried similar dishes at.	dishes	neutral
the worst excuse for japanese food i've ever encountered.	japanese food	negative
i ordered a chicken teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.	chicken teriyaki dish	negative
i ordered a chicken teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.	chicken	negative
we had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.	reservations	negative
we had pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.	pam's special fried fish	positive
there is no excuse for such lousy service!	service	negative
my boyfriend had the new england chowder it was good but i think the award should go to the lobster bisque.	new england chowder	positive
my boyfriend had the new england chowder it was good but i think the award should go to the lobster bisque.	lobster bisque	positive
so, a little inconsistency there but either way, both pizzas were really good.	pizzas	positive
overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.	sushi	neutral
not enough wines by the glass either.	wines by the glass	negative
i had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.	duck breast special	positive
i must say it's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view.	food	negative
these innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible.	french indian fusion	positive
these innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible.	dishes	positive
just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.	seat	negative
just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.	bar	neutral
no gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.	food	positive
we were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.	wait	positive
my wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.	fried shrimp	positive
one should not go to lucky strike for the food.	food	negative
the service is awful--the last time i was there (and i do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.	service	negative
the service is awful--the last time i was there (and i do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.	table	negative
we could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.	appetizer	neutral
we could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.	cheese fondue	neutral
both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).	table	negative
both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).	reservations	negative
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.	manager	positive
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.	reservation	neutral
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.	bar	neutral
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.	wait	positive
try the green curry!!!	green curry	positive
we had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.	scallops	positive
we had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.	appetizer	positive
we had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.	sauce	positive
we were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.	service	positive
we were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.	reservation	positive
you rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.	seat	positive
you rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.	currys (masaman, green, red)	positive
you rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.	flavor	positive
the food there are sastifying.	food	positive
i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!	dinner	positive
i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!	drinks	positive
the bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.	bar	positive
the bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.	beers	positive
the bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.	wines	positive
the bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.	priced	positive
last memorial day, i tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).	reservations	negative
the food was good.	food	positive
great wine selection, gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.	wine selection	positive
great wine selection, gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.	gigondas	positive
great wine selection, gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.	house champagne	positive
great wine selection, gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.	price	neutral
at night, but it's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous.	music	negative
i have enjoyed everything i have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.	fish	positive
i particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection.	yellowfun tuna	positive
i particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection.	mussel selection	positive
i love to visit murrays for my bagel fix.	bagel	positive
we made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed, reminds me of my grandfather, its old school italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire.	scenery	positive
we made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed, reminds me of my grandfather, its old school italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire.	dinner reservations	positive
the place was nice and calm.	place	positive
cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.	cheese plate	positive
i could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out.	glasses of water	neutral
when we sat, we got great and fast service.	service	positive
most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.	servers	positive
service is average.	service	neutral
but they've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual).	godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual)	positive
but they've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual).	specials	positive
they forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.	sandwich	neutral
they forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.	plastic forks	neutral
they forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.	pita	neutral
they forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.	hummus platter	neutral
the steak is good, the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great.	steak	positive
the steak is good, the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great.	fish	positive
the steak is good, the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great.	sushi	positive
i am reluctant to write because i would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.	pizza	positive
the service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and i would have rather eaten at a mcdonald's than this joint.	service	negative
the service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and i would have rather eaten at a mcdonald's than this joint.	staff	negative
my gf and i still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.	cocktails	positive
my gf and i still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.	decor	positive
my gf and i still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.	sushi	positive
we ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.	apple tarte tatin	positive
we ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.	dinner	neutral
the buffet had a nice selection.	buffet	positive
the buffet had a nice selection.	selection	positive
waitstaff are very friendly.	waitstaff	positive
service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.	service	negative
service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.	food	neutral
will have to return to try the chocolate!	chocolate	positive
the food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.	food	negative
the food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.	service	negative
the food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.	ambience	negative
i really enjoyed the shows put on by the actors.	shows	positive
i really enjoyed the shows put on by the actors.	actors	positive
our first time in new york and we had to try a new york bagel.	new york bagel	neutral
service was efficient courteous.	service	positive
the miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.	miso soup	negative
the miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.	fish	negative
the miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.	flavor	negative
they are the best bagels i've had.	bagels	positive
i've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not new yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.	ambience	neutral
i've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not new yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.	food	neutral
toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.	space	positive
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.	filets	neutral
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.	sides	neutral
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.	appetizer	neutral
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.	drinks	neutral
while the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.	prices	neutral
while the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.	portions	positive
its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.	location	positive
its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.	meal	positive
we arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the past!	dinner	neutral
however, i think this place is a good hang out spot.	spot	positive
the menu is prix fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is well worth itsuperb food.	menu	negative
the menu is prix fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is well worth itsuperb food.	food	positive
the menu is prix fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is well worth itsuperb food.	prix fixe	neutral
the wine list is extensive and impressive.	wine list	positive
we had the most wonderful waitress.	waitress	positive
while the staff at this little bistro is very friendly, i have never experienced more incompetency.	staff	positive
the quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor.	quail	positive
the quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor.	pastas	positive
the quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor.	flavor	positive
the zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.	zucchini	positive
the zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.	mashed potatoes	positive
the zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.	garlic	positive
the zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.	butter	positive
the staff is courteous and friendly.	staff	positive
decor is nice though service can be spotty.	decor	positive
decor is nice though service can be spotty.	service	negative
aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.	service	negative
aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.	food	positive
aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.	drinks	positive
make sure you have the spicy scallop roll.. .	spicy scallop roll	positive
i would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.	indian dining experience	positive
and even with it's pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too!	pub atmosphere	conflict
this big draw is the all you can sushi here for $19.95!	sushi	positive
some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.	workers	negative
some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.	order	negative
the specials are usually quite good too.	specials	positive
they've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.	desserts	positive
they've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.	mixed drinks	positive
they've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.	snack foods	positive
try the chocolate mud cake (warmed) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato.	chocolate mud cake (warmed)	positive
try the chocolate mud cake (warmed) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato.	dulce de leche gelato	positive
really cool stauff inside.	stauff	positive
while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	classical furniture	positive
while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	menu	negative
the best burger i have had in the village.	burger	positive
we visited orsay during ny restaurant week and tried their $35 menu.	menu	neutral
i would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space.	cole slaw	neutral
i would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space.	knish	neutral
three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.	dinner	neutral
three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.	reservations	neutral
the blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.	blond wood decor	positive
the blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.	sake	positive
the blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.	service	positive
there is usually a wait but it is well worth it.	wait	conflict
your money could easily be better spent elsewhere (anywhere).	money	neutral
only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.	bagel	negative
only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.	eggs	negative
only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.	bagel	negative
as always we had a great glass of wine while we waited.	glass of wine	positive
the wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).	wait staff	positive
of course this atmosphere is lacking, but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways?	atmosphere	negative
of course this atmosphere is lacking, but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways?	bagel	neutral
service was very good and warm.	service	positive
for dinner i had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.	chicken tikka-masala	neutral
for dinner i had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.	garlic naan	neutral
for dinner i had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.	dinner	neutral
cornelia street looks like a broadway set for west side story and the inside of po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in nyc.	dinner	positive
cornelia street looks like a broadway set for west side story and the inside of po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in nyc.	setting	positive
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went.	food	positive
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went.	view	positive
the food is nothing like its menu description.	food	negative
the food is nothing like its menu description.	menu description	negative
try the pad se-ew or chicken with cashew nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience.	pad se-ew	positive
try the pad se-ew or chicken with cashew nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience.	chicken with cashew nuts	positive
it's just o.k. pizza.	pizza	neutral
the food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, i thought it was just annoying.	food	neutral
the food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, i thought it was just annoying.	ambience	conflict
the service was a bit slow, but they were very friendly.	service	negative
leon is an east village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic french bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.	specials	positive
leon is an east village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic french bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.	atmosphere	positive
leon is an east village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic french bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.	french bistro fare	positive
the food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other heartland breweries in the city.	food	positive
thius is a must for anyone who loves shabu-shabu.	shabu-shabu	positive
the food was absolutely horrible!	food	negative
food doesn't appear to be cooked on premisis but there's a high turnover so its pretty fresh.	food	conflict
similar to other indian restaurants, they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door.	dinner special	neutral
the people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak english, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	food	positive
the people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak english, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	people with carts of food	negative
the crackling calamari salad, which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants, is crispy and lightly dressed.	crackling calamari salad	positive
not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.	sushi place	negative
shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here: simple contract, deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20.	group dinner	neutral
the thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy!	thai ice tea	positive
we've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we've been lucky?	staff	positive
drinks way over priced.	drinks	negative
drinks way over priced.	priced	negative
the main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level.	noise level	negative
the main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level.	guy	negative
what i didn't like was how the food came right after it was ordered.	food	negative
moderate prices.	prices	neutral
i think i've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.	meals	positive
my biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well.	food	conflict
most importantly, food is excellent.	food	positive
great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.	roofdeck	positive
great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.	music	negative
the best part of the experience was knowing that the manager (a bubbly, friendly young woman with a great smile) truly cared about how we were doing.	manager	positive
however, service was as plain as sesame crusted salmon i had.	service	neutral
however, service was as plain as sesame crusted salmon i had.	sesame crusted salmon	neutral
it's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.	lunch	positive
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.	food	neutral
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.	service	negative
so some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise.	crowd	negative
so some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise.	noise	negative
you get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.	eats	positive
you get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.	drinks	positive
you get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.	setting	positive
the service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.	service	negative
the service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.	served	negative
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!	atmosphere	positive
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!	people	positive
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!	food	positive
we only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.	desserts	neutral
we only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.	drinks	neutral
waiters are slow but sweet.	waiters	conflict
i have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.	dinner	neutral
i have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.	brunch	neutral
i have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.	lunch	neutral
the real kicker of the menu, however, is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass.	menu	neutral
the real kicker of the menu, however, is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass.	beef cubes	positive
the real kicker of the menu, however, is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass.	chicken with chili and lemon grass	positive
the music is the best among all the indian restaurants i have visited.	music	positive
the bread and lamb chops i had before the meal were quite good, however.	bread	positive
the bread and lamb chops i had before the meal were quite good, however.	lamb chops	positive
the bread and lamb chops i had before the meal were quite good, however.	meal	neutral
rao's has the best service and atmosphere in nyc.	service	positive
rao's has the best service and atmosphere in nyc.	atmosphere	positive
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian.	beer	positive
they never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.	noodles	negative
they never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.	sugar	negative
they never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.	dishes	negative
one of the best chicken tikka masala.	chicken tikka masala	positive
excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.	dumplings	positive
excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.	decor	positive
the kitchen however, is almost always slow.	kitchen	negative
the corned beef and pastrami are excellent, much less fatty than those big tourist places around times square.	corned beef	positive
the corned beef and pastrami are excellent, much less fatty than those big tourist places around times square.	pastrami	positive
cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.	wait staff	positive
cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.	place	positive
also, the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected, but a truly above and beyond thing to do...	hostess	positive
people are rude bit again it's new york!	people	negative
the plain slice is great and if you get toppings, the whole slice is topped with them, not sparsely sprinkled on like some places.	plain slice	positive
the plain slice is great and if you get toppings, the whole slice is topped with them, not sparsely sprinkled on like some places.	toppings	positive
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.	service	negative
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.	ambience	negative
service is great, takeout is good too.	service	positive
service is great, takeout is good too.	takeout	positive
the pizza is overpriced and soggy.	pizza	negative
everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.	menu	positive
everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.	view	positive
for the quality of food, a little too expensive.	quality of food	negative
here's to the fake fish tanks too...	fish tanks	negative
its worth the wait though.	wait	conflict
i've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.	service	positive
i've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.	fish	positive
the first time i went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, i ordered the lobster cobb salad.	live jazz band	positive
the first time i went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, i ordered the lobster cobb salad.	atmosphere	positive
the first time i went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, i ordered the lobster cobb salad.	lobster cobb salad	neutral
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute.	tea room	positive
what an amazing meal and experience!	meal	positive
unique apppetizers.	apppetizers	positive
the staff has always been attentive and kind, and i've always been amazed at how they've handled all the various different group sizes that come in.	staff	positive
it is the best deal in town for a monday night dinner at a fine restaurant.	dinner	positive
also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.	sandwiches	negative
also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.	chips	neutral
also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.	side	neutral
the wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for chinatown) alternative.	wait	negative
the wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for chinatown) alternative.	dim sum	neutral
the wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for chinatown) alternative.	dim sum atmosphere	neutral
the wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for chinatown) alternative.	tables	positive
this place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	money	negative
this place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	indian food	neutral
everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.	service	positive
everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.	decor	positive
the thai food is good.	thai food	positive
great selection of wine, and seafood.	selection of wine	positive
great selection of wine, and seafood.	seafood	positive
acceptable prices.	prices	positive
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda.	sushi bar	neutral
as i made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.	taste	positive
definitely not worth the price!	price	negative
orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional french food, and french service as well.	french food	positive
orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional french food, and french service as well.	service	positive
it's easy to get a table for a large group and you don't get hustled out.	table	positive
great food at reasonable prices.	food	positive
great food at reasonable prices.	prices	positive
salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.	salads	positive
salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.	meal	positive
i ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked thai flavors in unexpected ways.	tamarind duck	positive
i ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked thai flavors in unexpected ways.	noodles with ground beef	positive
i ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked thai flavors in unexpected ways.	dishes	positive
i ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked thai flavors in unexpected ways.	thai flavors	positive
if you've ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.	view	positive
the prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.	prices	positive
the prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.	entree	positive
the prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.	dinner	neutral
the prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.	lunch	positive
and you can't beat the prices.	prices	positive
should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it.	cuisine	positive
i had the black cod with yuzu sauce, which was wonderful.	black cod with yuzu sauce	positive
prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.	prices	negative
total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.	spot	positive
yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.	wait	negative
yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.	reservations	neutral
everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.	bread	negative
everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.	salad	negative
everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.	service	negative
everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.	food	negative
everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.	wait	negative
the sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great!	pizza	positive
the sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great!	sicilian	positive
downstairs lounge is always a good attraction	downstairs lounge	positive
the menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.	menu prices	negative
the menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.	quality	negative
the menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.	portion size	negative
the food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.	food	positive
the food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.	service	positive
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) we got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained empty our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	food	neutral
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) we got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained empty our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	busboy	negative
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) we got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained empty our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	waiter	negative
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) we got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained empty our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	cheese	negative
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) we got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained empty our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	pasta	negative
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) we got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained empty our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	water and wine glasses	negative
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) we got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained empty our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	wine	neutral
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) we got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained empty our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	meal	neutral
the takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.	takeout	positive
the food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.	food	negative
the food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.	sauces	negative
could be pricey without a prix fixe meal.	prix fixe meal	negative
this is definitely an  excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the  night scene is more than alive.	ambiance	positive
this is definitely an  excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the  night scene is more than alive.	night scene	positive
this is definitely an  excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the  night scene is more than alive.	spot	positive
one of us actually liked the expresso - that's it.	expresso	positive
again, the waitress was awesome.	waitress	positive
i loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.	shows	positive
i loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.	actors	positive
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.	service	positive
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.	food	positive
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.	hot sauce	positive
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.	meals	neutral
the food was just ok, i would never go back.	food	neutral
zero ambiance to boot.	ambiance	negative
scalina fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining.	service	positive
scalina fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining.	dining	positive
i recommend the thai popcorn :)	thai popcorn	positive
everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.	drinks	positive
everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.	decor	positive
everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.	food	positive
as soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out.	chef	negative
as soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out.	check	neutral
the parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed.	parathas	positive
the parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed.	kebabs	positive
the tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.	tuna	positive
the tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.	wasabe potatoes	positive
the only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).	coat check girls	negative
the only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).	coat check girls	negative
my fiance took me to scopa last week for my birthday and i couldn't believe the food.	food	positive
ummm...the beer was cold.	beer	positive
we had great desserts (including the best cannoli i've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.	desserts	positive
we had great desserts (including the best cannoli i've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.	cannoli	positive
we had great desserts (including the best cannoli i've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.	after dinner drink	positive
good crowd, good outdoor seating, with a hip japanese vibe.	outdoor seating	positive
good crowd, good outdoor seating, with a hip japanese vibe.	vibe	positive
even with the prix fixe pricing, this restaurant is not worth it.	prix fixe pricing	conflict
we asked to be moved (which took half an hour), and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back, even though the rest of the room was practically empty.	room	neutral
we asked to be moved (which took half an hour), and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back, even though the rest of the room was practically empty.	area	negative
good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off, like in this case.	owners	positive
however, their popularity has yet to slow down, and i still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.	ambiance	positive
where tanks in other chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.	tanks	negative
where tanks in other chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.	tanks	positive
where tanks in other chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.	dim sum	neutral
where tanks in other chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.	brunch	neutral
the halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.	halibut	negative
the halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.	dessert	neutral
the halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.	service	negative
the view is spectacular, and the food is great.	view	positive
the view is spectacular, and the food is great.	food	positive
the place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and i got our food, the line reached the door.	place	conflict
the place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and i got our food, the line reached the door.	food	neutral
good bagels and good cream cheese.	bagels	positive
good bagels and good cream cheese.	cream cheese	positive
the food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.	food	positive
the food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.	service	positive
it is also extremely well priced.	priced	positive
always great service!	service	positive
i am happy i did the food was awsome.	food	positive
we ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.	chicken casserole	negative
we ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.	chicken	negative
we ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.	meat	negative
a bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.	mezzanine	negative
i went to df for valentines day dinner.	valentines day dinner	neutral
i recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.	jelly fish	positive
i recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.	drunken chicken	positive
i recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.	soupy dumplings	positive
i recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.	stir fry blue crab	positive
i loved the shows.	shows	positive
we could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.	dumplings	positive
we could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.	meal	positive
we could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.	dumpling menu	positive
the aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.	aesthetics	negative
the aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.	place	negative
then, get ripped on free box wine.	box wine	positive
my wife and i ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.	food	positive
if you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.	fish	negative
if you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.	staff	negative
if you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.	sushi chef	negative
the food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.	food	neutral
the food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.	service	negative
the pizza is yummy and i like the atmoshpere.	pizza	positive
the pizza is yummy and i like the atmoshpere.	atmoshpere	positive
as there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats ,except at taj mahal.	seats	negative
also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.	roll	negative
also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.	menu	negative
good food.	food	positive
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.	rolls	conflict
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.	sashimi	negative
the pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy italian cheese that i'd never heard of before.	pesto pizza	positive
the pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy italian cheese that i'd never heard of before.	italian cheese	positive
the pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy italian cheese that i'd never heard of before.	thin-crust pizza	positive
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.	shrimp appetizer	positive
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.	price	conflict
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.	lamb vindaloo	positive
however, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!	ambience	positive
however, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!	food	negative
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	food	conflict
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	wait	negative
i have had so many dinners here and it's always been perfect - on a date with my husband, with my mom, with girlfriends and larger groups.	dinners	positive
when you want a piece of beef, head on over.	beef	positive
delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.	spices	positive
delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.	onions	positive
delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.	eggs	positive
delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.	roti	positive
incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic thai restaurant.	food	positive
incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic thai restaurant.	price	positive
also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!	table	positive
the menu has lots of options: i hope to go back to try those potato pancakes.	menu	positive
the menu has lots of options: i hope to go back to try those potato pancakes.	potato pancakes	positive
as soon as i wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how i will be getting to fried dumpling.	fried dumpling	positive
the staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and i am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.	staff	negative
the staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and i am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.	service	negative
my wife and i will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.	primi	positive
my wife and i will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.	secondi	positive
my wife and i will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.	portions	positive
i've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and i've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.	employees	negative
i've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and i've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.	dining area	neutral
delicious crab cakes too.	crab cakes	positive
this was the worst dining experience i've ever had.	dining experience	negative
i have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at la lanterna.	service	positive
i have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at la lanterna.	staff	positive
just bring someone who speaks cantonese because waiter may not understand you.	waiter	negative
the bruschetta and panini's are so yummy!	bruschetta	positive
the bruschetta and panini's are so yummy!	panini	positive
food was okay, nothing great.	food	neutral
every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair.	waitress	neutral
always popular, always full, always a wait.	wait	negative
it is run by the same sichuan chef who started the chain in chinatown.	sichuan chef	neutral
if the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items bbq-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.	spicy tuna roll	negative
if the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items bbq-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.	serving	neutral
if the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items bbq-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.	nori	negative
i can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.	patio	positive
best pastrami i ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.	pastrami	positive
best pastrami i ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.	portion	positive
if you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share, kai may not be the best option.	food	neutral
go here for the drinks!	drinks	positive
the first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.	courses	positive
the first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.	chocolate sampler	negative
the first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.	dessert wine	negative
butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.	butter	negative
butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.	white wine	negative
butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.	cheese	negative
we had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning.	private room	neutral
it cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.	ambience	negative
it cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.	place	negative
it cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.	aisle	negative
we were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.	pre-fixe menu	negative
we were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.	choices per course	neutral
we were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.	ordering a la carte	negative
authentic pakistani food.	pakistani food	positive
the staff has always been friendly without seeming grating, and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions.	staff	positive
the staff has always been friendly without seeming grating, and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions.	chef	positive
the eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.	eggplant parmesan	positive
the eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.	baked ziti with meatsauce	positive
the eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.	serves	positive
quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for nyc.	ingredients	positive
quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for nyc.	price	positive
service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.	service	positive
my entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.	hot pot with seafood	negative
my entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.	shrimp	negative
my entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.	squid	negative
my entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.	entree	positive
my entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.	crabmeat	negative
we began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.	cheese fondue	neutral
we began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.	kielbasa	neutral
we began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.	apples	neutral
in such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch, this place is great.	value	positive
in such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch, this place is great.	lunch	positive
its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.	curry	neutral
its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.	food	neutral
in fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and i couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.	food	negative
in fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and i couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.	menu	neutral
even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems.	table	positive
even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems.	seated	positive
if you want americanized chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.	white sauce	negative
if you want americanized chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.	chinese food	neutral
the bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.	bread	positive
the bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.	paratha bread	positive
the bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.	bread	negative
the bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.	stuffing	positive
the bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.	tandoori	positive
service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, i'm willing to overlook it.	service	positive
service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, i'm willing to overlook it.	prices	positive
service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, i'm willing to overlook it.	delivery time	negative
service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, i'm willing to overlook it.	pizza	positive
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	food	conflict
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	food	positive
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	price	positive
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	food	positive
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	food	neutral
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	food	negative
the service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	service	positive
the service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	decor	positive
the service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	food	positive
the service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	portions	positive
an excellent service	service	positive
the food however, is what one might expect.	food	neutral
i love their thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the must!	thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice	positive
the pizza was really good.	pizza	positive
the only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in chinese.	menu items	negative
food is average, and i would say even the chain restaurant baluchi's tastes better.	food	neutral
the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.	place	negative
the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.	food	positive
the food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.	food	positive
the food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.	portion sizes	positive
kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them.	kosher dills	positive
kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them.	sandwich	positive
the entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.	shows	positive
the entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.	dinner	neutral
the entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.	entertainment	positive
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.	food	positive
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.	waiters	positive
the food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.	food	positive
the food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.	wait	negative
the bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that i will never go back.	bartender	negative
their sushi, kamikaze and other rolls are fresh and well presented.	sushi	positive
their sushi, kamikaze and other rolls are fresh and well presented.	kamikaze	positive
their sushi, kamikaze and other rolls are fresh and well presented.	rolls	positive
for authentic thai food, look no further than toons.	thai food	positive
the highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries i received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.	mayonaisse	negative
the highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries i received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.	food runners	neutral
the highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries i received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.	bill	negative
the highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries i received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.	fries	negative
i choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.	braised lamb shank in red wine	positive
i choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.	special	positive
if anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines,please check their wine list.	wines	neutral
if anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines,please check their wine list.	wine list	positive
the only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.	waitstaff	negative
the only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.	food	neutral
have the iced tea.	iced tea	positive
small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.	salmon	negative
small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.	chicken	positive
small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.	servings	negative
small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.	entree	negative
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!	salads	negative
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!	lettuce	neutral
the ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date.	ambience	positive
the ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date.	place	positive
it is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.	bar	positive
it is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.	tables	negative
it is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.	waiter	neutral
it is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.	bartender	neutral
it is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.	atmosphere	positive
the food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings i've had.	food	positive
the food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings i've had.	price	positive
the food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings i've had.	fried dumplings	negative
there are much better places in ny with better prices.	prices	negative
obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys.	obv caviar	positive
obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys.	menu	positive
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.	dishes	negative
still, try it once, since if you end up loving the food, it could be one of your best dining experiences.	food	neutral
still, try it once, since if you end up loving the food, it could be one of your best dining experiences.	dining experiences	positive
i've waited over one hour for food.	food	neutral
other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.	pizza	positive
other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.	santa fe chopped salad	positive
other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.	fish and chips	positive
the ambience is very calm and quiet.	ambience	positive
both times i was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.	service	negative
not only does make the best pizza in ny , maybe anywhere.	pizza	positive
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i've had at this price range.	tuna roll	positive
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i've had at this price range.	price range	positive
price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.	price	negative
price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.	fish	negative
price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.	quality	negative
our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine.	waiter	positive
the place is a bistro which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	place	positive
the place is a bistro which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	dishes	positive
the place is a bistro which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	wine	positive
the place is a bistro which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	atmosphere	positive
the place is a bistro which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	served	positive
this is one of the best comfort food places in the city.	comfort food	positive
overall, the ingredients and technique are there and i am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.	ingredients	positive
overall, the ingredients and technique are there and i am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.	technique	positive
overall, the ingredients and technique are there and i am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.	lunch	neutral
overall, the ingredients and technique are there and i am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.	dinner	neutral
i had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.	pastrami sandwich	positive
though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.	table	negative
though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.	atomosphere	positive
though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.	room	negative
though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.	spot	negative
the fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.	fish	negative
the fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.	rice	negative
considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.	price	negative
considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.	dish	negative
considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.	lunch special	negative
this is the pinnacle of indian fast food (all fast foods in my opinion).	indian fast food	positive
besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.	service	negative
besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.	money	negative
besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.	tip	negative
the wine list is also really nice.	wine list	positive
service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	service	positive
service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	oysters	positive
service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	price	positive
compared to ess-a, tal offers a less doughy bagel!	bagel	negative
ballato's is consistently delicious authentic italian food.	italian food	positive
the service was attentive, yet discreet.	service	positive
for those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more.	prices	negative
for those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more.	atmosphere	negative
they offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.	menu	neutral
they offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.	drinks	positive
we went to eat at the jekyll and hyde restaurant on friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.	atmosphere	positive
we went to eat at the jekyll and hyde restaurant on friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.	food	positive
the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.	food	positive
the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.	portions	positive
unless you are eating in the pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.	place	negative
unless you are eating in the pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.	place	negative
you have to increase the service a lot.	service	negative
ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.	ambiance	negative
ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.	management	positive
i must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.	portions	negative
i must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.	appetizers	negative
i must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.	appetizer	negative
i must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.	main entree	neutral
i must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.	cold udon	neutral
i must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.	chef	positive
i must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.	menu	positive
i must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.	dish	negative
i must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.	portions	negative
they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.	food	negative
they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.	rice	neutral
after we got our sashimi order, i could not believe how small the portions were!	sashimi	neutral
after we got our sashimi order, i could not believe how small the portions were!	portions	negative
after the main course came, we didn't see our waiter for at least 40 minutes!	main course	neutral
after the main course came, we didn't see our waiter for at least 40 minutes!	waiter	negative
nothing better than buying a snapple for $3.25 too.	snapple	positive
when family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.	apps	neutral
service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy soho into queens.	service	positive
service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy soho into queens.	decor	positive
the dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally i'd drink popcorn topping before i'd eat another one of these.	dosas	negative
the dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally i'd drink popcorn topping before i'd eat another one of these.	popcorn topping	neutral
the service was excellent and the food was delicious.	service	positive
the service was excellent and the food was delicious.	food	positive
if i wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers i'd go out in manhattan.	scene	negative
if i wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers i'd go out in manhattan.	customers	negative
after a seafood craving, i checked citysearch and chose to go to fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info.	seafood	neutral
right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city.	ladies	positive
until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating.	wait	negative
the food was very good, but not very thai.	food	conflict
thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	people serving	positive
thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	food	negative
the fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.	fillings	neutral
the fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.	dosa batter	positive
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!	lunch	positive
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!	dinner	positive
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!	pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks	positive
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!	spot	positive
the mussaman curry that i ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that i ordered in it, they graciously provided me with one piece of poorly cooked potato.	mussaman curry	negative
the mussaman curry that i ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that i ordered in it, they graciously provided me with one piece of poorly cooked potato.	fried tofu	negative
the mussaman curry that i ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that i ordered in it, they graciously provided me with one piece of poorly cooked potato.	potato	negative
had a late night dinner on a saturday night.	dinner	neutral
a restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.	food	positive
a restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.	service	positive
a restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.	atmosphere	positive
their sake martini is wonderful.	sake martini	positive
well, this place is so ghetto its not even funny.	place	negative
once they ran out of gnochi and made it for me from scratch!	gnochi	neutral
we would like to thank marcelo and grace for a wonderful dining experience!!!	dining	positive
found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.	service	positive
bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!	bagels	neutral
fine dining restaurant quality.	quality	positive
overall a disappointing experience for that price category.	price	negative
i've had the lunch buffet at chennai a couple of times, when i have been in the neighborhood.	lunch buffet	neutral
the food was exceptional.	food	positive
a thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?	rice	neutral
a thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?	dinner	neutral
the portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.	portions	negative
the portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.	food	positive
(and i have eaten my share) which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve.	serve	positive
sure, the setting is nice.	setting	positive
the service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	service	positive
the service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	food	positive
the service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	prices	conflict
had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.	appetizer	neutral
had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.	entrees	neutral
had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.	cokes	neutral
had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.	bill	neutral
best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!	drumsticks over rice	positive
best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!	sour spicy soup	positive
slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.	wines	negative
their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.	whitefish salad	positive
their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.	whitefish	positive
their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.	mayo	positive
and it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).	price	positive
and it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).	congee	neutral
and it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).	noodles	neutral
and it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).	rice dishes	neutral
the chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.	chicken parm	conflict
the chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.	chicken with portobello mushrooms	negative
the chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.	chicken	negative
the chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.	tomato sauce	negative
the chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.	pasta	negative
the chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.	sauce	negative
i recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal.	meal	positive
the waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.	waitresses	positive
the waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.	counter service	positive
the only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar.	staff member	positive
the only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar.	bar	neutral
the only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar.	guy	positive
you can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, la villa can't be beat.	food	positive
you can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, la villa can't be beat.	prices	positive
won't or can't is not in the service directory.	service	positive
i cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.	staff	positive
i do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.	upstairs	positive
the red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.	red curry	negative
the red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.	pad thai	negative
the red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.	rice	negative
the red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.	seafood	negative
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.	wine list	positive
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.	meal	positive
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.	priced	positive
saul is pretty good, but definitely not great.	saul	neutral
i would recommend roxy's for that, but not for their food.	food	negative
we always get a sampling of appetizers and share.	appetizers	neutral
overall i was impressed and will return, it's a great qpr (quality to price ratio).	price	positive
overall i was impressed and will return, it's a great qpr (quality to price ratio).	quality	positive
it is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, do not pass it up.	table	negative
it is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, do not pass it up.	dinner	positive
their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.	pad penang	positive
the puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.	food	positive
the puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.	walls	negative
the flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive, nothing flashy.	flavors	positive
i like cafe noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!	people	negative
the hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.	hanger steak	negative
the hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.	tuna	negative
our son loves pizza and we have a certified neapolitan pizzaria in our home city (seattle), we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant.	pizza	positive
big and soft as well as good lunch food.	lunch food	positive
no food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.	food	neutral
no food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.	food	positive
i liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant.	food	positive
i liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant.	quasi-thai	positive
by far the best salad i have had in a fast food restaurant.	salad	positive
by far the best salad i have had in a fast food restaurant.	fast food	neutral
as for the bar, this is another bad idea.	bar	negative
their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.	bagels	conflict
their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.	bagel	neutral
unlike hh up the block, this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for.	bagels	positive
the barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry.	barebecued salmon	positive
same owner as the guy who owns typhoon, which is just down the street on st. marks and 1st ave.	owner	neutral
what generous portions!	portions	positive
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).	workers	neutral
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).	bagel	neutral
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).	cream cheese	neutral
the wine the service was very good too.	wine	positive
the wine the service was very good too.	service	positive
so, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.	menu	neutral
the highly spiced chai tea was great too.	chai tea	positive
i have been there many times, and food is good and consistent.	food	positive
seriously, this is the best all you can eat in town- as everyone says, the spicy tuna hand rolls are the best- have 4 of these, and you've broken even.	spicy tuna hand rolls	positive
while sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any indian restaurant i have been to in new york city, the food was not what i had hoped for.	food	negative
while sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any indian restaurant i have been to in new york city, the food was not what i had hoped for.	ambiance	positive
while sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any indian restaurant i have been to in new york city, the food was not what i had hoped for.	decor	positive
i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river seine.	atmosphere	positive
the meat dishes were only so-so.	meat dishes	neutral
his wife tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.	hostess	positive
his wife tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.	atmosphere	positive
the menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like balthazar etc.	menu	positive
the menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like balthazar etc.	brassiere food	positive
i have been a longtime fan of holy basil in the east village, and while i do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, i have been hesitant to be disloyal.	food	negative
i have been a longtime fan of holy basil in the east village, and while i do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, i have been hesitant to be disloyal.	quality	negative
but the best part about ls is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the bts.	atmosphere	positive
we even had a visit from the manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.	manager	positive
the staff there is very attentive and down to earth.	staff	positive
you don't go to mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	service	negative
you don't go to mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	food	positive
you don't go to mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	atmosphere	positive
the service is always bad though, don't expect much of anything from your server, and i would not recommend bringing a date here either.	service	negative
the service is always bad though, don't expect much of anything from your server, and i would not recommend bringing a date here either.	server	negative
monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.	prix fix	positive
monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.	three course meal	positive
monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.	glasses of wine	positive
monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.	course	neutral
it took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses.	water	neutral
the service is descent even when this small place is packed.	service	positive
the service is descent even when this small place is packed.	place	negative
this is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.	sushi	positive
i have eaten a lot of pizza here.	pizza	neutral
great value for the quality ingredients.	ingredients	positive
the thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.	thali	negative
the sushi is also great!	sushi	positive
from the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that i can't remember because of the fabulous cakebread cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.	chef app	positive
from the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that i can't remember because of the fabulous cakebread cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.	delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce	positive
from the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that i can't remember because of the fabulous cakebread cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.	buttery and tender langostine entree	positive
from the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that i can't remember because of the fabulous cakebread cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.	dessert	neutral
from the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that i can't remember because of the fabulous cakebread cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.	cakebread cabernet	positive
truly the mark of an attentive waiter.	waiter	positive
the food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.	food	positive
i got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.	cheesecake	positive
i got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.	pastries	positive
the staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.	staff	positive
the staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.	bar	neutral
the staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.	drinks	neutral
the staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.	menu	neutral
the makhani was ok --the korma was bland.	makhani	neutral
the makhani was ok --the korma was bland.	korma	negative
the food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring.	food	positive
though the service could be better (possibly due to more than one very large group in the house), it is very cordial and warm, as is the general clientele.	service	conflict
the decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the east village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.	decor	positive
the decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the east village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.	place	positive
this is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together.	place	positive
the lox is always fresh too.	lox	positive
service was very friendly.	service	positive
so all i'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant i've ever been to.	thai food	positive
food was ok - fish was cooked well.	food	neutral
food was ok - fish was cooked well.	fish	positive
we actually left hungry and went across the street to wo hop at 15 mott street for some good chinese food.	chinese food	positive
the duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.	foie gras terrine with figs	positive
the duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.	duck confit	positive
the whole set up is truly unprofessional and i wish cafe noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.	staff	negative
the service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but i have never been treated rudely.	service	conflict
the staff offers impeccable service.	staff	positive
the staff offers impeccable service.	service	positive
we ended our great experience by having gulab jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.	gulab jamun (dessert)	positive
we ended our great experience by having gulab jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.	waiter	positive
this place doesn't compare with mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.	price	negative
this place doesn't compare with mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.	freshness	negative
this place doesn't compare with mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.	value	negative
this place doesn't compare with mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.	quality	negative
the place is sleek, modern and playfull and i will return again frequently.	place	positive
i have known about this secret for the last 13 years, emilio(the godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.	food	positive
i have known about this secret for the last 13 years, emilio(the godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.	wine	positive
i have known about this secret for the last 13 years, emilio(the godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.	prices	positive
the brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.	brioche and lollies	positive
the brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.	meal	positive
after being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.	2-person table	negative
and the bill was outragous.	bill	negative
the service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.	service	conflict
the service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.	food	positive
the service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.	wine list	positive
the service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.	priced	positive
kind, attentive wait staff.	wait staff	positive
salads were fantastic.	salads	positive
the owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.	owners	positive
the owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.	employees	positive
the owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.	pizza	positive
the food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.	food	positive
the food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.	mussels in spicy tomato sauce	positive
the food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.	fries	positive
the food is authentic italian - delicious!	food	positive
skip dessert.	dessert	negative
i complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted.	bagel	positive
it was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool.	servers	negative
the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.	service	positive
the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.	ambience	positive
a great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from costco and sell it right outside for only $2.50.	case of snapple	neutral
it's all about the food !!	food	positive
fast service.	service	positive
the staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.	staff	positive
the staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.	bar	neutral
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.	chicken	positive
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.	beef	positive
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.	lamb dishes	positive
the service was bad, the food took to forever to come, we sat on the upper level.	service	negative
the service was bad, the food took to forever to come, we sat on the upper level.	food	negative
we a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.	quality	positive
we a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.	care	positive
we a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.	food	positive
we a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.	specials	neutral
the decor is nice, but more casual than fine dining.	decor	conflict
this restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.	priced	positive
bottom line: b+ for the food, f for the service.	food	positive
bottom line: b+ for the food, f for the service.	service	negative
the only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.	waiters	positive
stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.	noodles	neutral
stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.	dimsum	positive
the service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.	service	positive
the service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.	view	positive
we, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.	staff	negative
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.	food	positive
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.	atmosphere	positive
the food is good, but very expensive for the casualness of it.	food	conflict
the only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.	prices	negative
i've been to naples 45 for dinner twice.	dinner	neutral
the hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.	soup	negative
the hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.	pepper	negative
try sushimi cucumber roll.	sushimi cucumber roll	positive
the food is delicious.	food	positive
their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.	wines by the glass	positive
their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.	wine	neutral
this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.	place	positive
this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.	ambience	positive
this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.	staff	positive
yeah shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.	salt	negative
believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.	sushi	neutral
the atmosphere is much better than sripraphai (more modern and sleek).	atmosphere	positive
the food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.	food	positive
the food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.	service	positive
the bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.	bagels	positive
i had a late dinner at lucky stike, a great name for a joint if ever i saw one.	dinner	neutral
service is fast and friendly.	service	positive
from an english speaking staff.	staff	neutral
and they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!	potato chips	positive
and they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!	bar	neutral
my husband and i enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full.	portions	positive
i went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.	table	negative
we all ate pasta entre'es, which were great.	pasta entre'es	positive
the steak was excellent and one of the best i have had (i tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).	steak	positive
the steak was excellent and one of the best i have had (i tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).	butter	negative
the steak was excellent and one of the best i have had (i tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).	flavor	neutral
the steak was excellent and one of the best i have had (i tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).	meat	positive
the food was boring and expensive.	food	negative
the ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.	ambience	positive
the ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.	lunch	positive
terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.	menu	positive
terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.	rolls	positive
terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.	dishes	positive
the service is ok but could be better.	service	negative
we love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!	food	positive
we love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!	drinks	positive
we love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!	atmosphere	positive
i was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.	customer service	negative
went on a 3 day oyster binge, with fish bringing up the closing, and i am so glad this was the place it o trip ended, because it was so great!	place	positive
went on a 3 day oyster binge, with fish bringing up the closing, and i am so glad this was the place it o trip ended, because it was so great!	oyster	neutral
went on a 3 day oyster binge, with fish bringing up the closing, and i am so glad this was the place it o trip ended, because it was so great!	fish	neutral
took my mom for mother's day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.	maitre d'	negative
my husband and i have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.	sushi bar	neutral
my husband and i have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.	chef	neutral
my husband and i have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.	ala carte	neutral
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!	vibe	positive
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!	service	positive
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!	food	positive
if the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.	table	positive
if you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.	quality	positive
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.	service	positive
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.	atmosphere	positive
when i lived upstate for a while i would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.	bagels	neutral
i recommend their pad see ew, pork chops or tofu plates.	pad see ew	positive
i recommend their pad see ew, pork chops or tofu plates.	pork chops	positive
i recommend their pad see ew, pork chops or tofu plates.	tofu plates	positive
never in my life did i think that i could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in nyc.	taste	positive
never in my life did i think that i could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in nyc.	quantity	positive
this is the best secret place in midtown', i heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last tuesday.	bartender	neutral
this is the best secret place in midtown', i heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last tuesday.	food	positive
this is the best secret place in midtown', i heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last tuesday.	drinks	positive
this is the best secret place in midtown', i heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last tuesday.	steak with portobello mushrooms	positive
this is the best secret place in midtown', i heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last tuesday.	bar	neutral
the service was excellent - friendly and attentive.	service	positive
the main course had an average portion, and was decent overall.	main course	positive
the main course had an average portion, and was decent overall.	portion	neutral
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	reservation	negative
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	cocktails	positive
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	surroundings	positive
waitstaff is great, very attentive.	waitstaff	positive
the dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well.	dinner menu	positive
it is what modern cuisine is all about.	cuisine	positive
i don't like indian food too much and this was delicious, however you want to factor that into the equation.	indian food	positive
at taj, vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven.	dishes	positive
forget the rush and the wait and the noise (which isn't actually that bad), i mean please, who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic?	wait	conflict
forget the rush and the wait and the noise (which isn't actually that bad), i mean please, who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic?	noise	conflict
forget the rush and the wait and the noise (which isn't actually that bad), i mean please, who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic?	rush	conflict
i won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.	bill	negative
we live in new jersey and whenever we go into new york city we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze (they told me that if i call in the order, they'd bring it out to the car so i wouldn't have to look for parking).	bagels	neutral
jimmy's is hands down the hottest night spot in the bronx.	spot	positive
and i would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their achilles' heel.	service	negative
and i would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their achilles' heel.	delivery	negative
the $300 bill was a bit steep, but the experience was great.	bill	negative
nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, francois, and good service.	bar	positive
nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, francois, and good service.	bartender	positive
nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, francois, and good service.	service	positive
nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, francois, and good service.	ambiance	positive
the calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.	calamari	positive
the calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.	sauce	positive
the calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.	duck noodles	positive
i would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.	martinis	positive
simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions.	comfort food	positive
simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions.	portions	positive
stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.	rolls	negative
stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.	menu	neutral
stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.	avocado	negative
stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.	rice	negative
we didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.	drink refills	negative
we didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.	dessert	neutral
the bagels are also reasonably priced for nyc.	bagels	positive
the bagels are also reasonably priced for nyc.	priced	positive
if you can handle that, it's a great place for a business dinner, fun with friends or simply a table for 2.	business dinner	positive
if you can handle that, it's a great place for a business dinner, fun with friends or simply a table for 2.	table	positive
decor leaves something to be desired.	decor	negative
also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.	food	neutral
our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	waiter	positive
our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	place	positive
our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	prices	negative
our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	food	negative
coming from boston this place is like emma's pizza in kendall square in cambridge (although they have more funky toppings!)	toppings	positive
when my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more) i can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget if you never go, you'll miss a meal of your life time	place	positive
when my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more) i can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget if you never go, you'll miss a meal of your life time	meal	positive
when my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more) i can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget if you never go, you'll miss a meal of your life time	lobster tails	positive
in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.	espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse	positive
in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.	desserts	negative
i've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when i'm craving for pho, lemon grass chicken or beef cube on rice, this is the place to go.	pho	positive
i've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when i'm craving for pho, lemon grass chicken or beef cube on rice, this is the place to go.	lemon grass chicken	positive
i've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when i'm craving for pho, lemon grass chicken or beef cube on rice, this is the place to go.	beef cube on rice	positive
oh yes, and if you are a fan of indian oldies film stars, there are plenty of portraits of indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls, some of which, i would love to know where they obtained.	portraits	positive
the food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (wow) you'll need no more.	food	positive
the food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (wow) you'll need no more.	appitizers	positive
the food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (wow) you'll need no more.	main course	positive
the food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (wow) you'll need no more.	desserts	positive
my fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce.	fish	positive
my fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce.	curry sauce	positive
if you are in search of the most authentic nyc deli experience look no further than the famous and historic katz's deli down on the lower east side.	deli	positive
even upon delivery, their juicy pork buns are quite good . .	pork buns	positive
average to good thai food, but terrible delivery.	thai food	positive
average to good thai food, but terrible delivery.	delivery	negative
the space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.	space	positive
the space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.	drink	negative
the entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.	place	negative
joe's pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up.	slice	positive
and they provided a delicious dessert on the house!	dessert	positive
they are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine, so if you want to make a reservation you are limited.	reservation	negative
the food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.	food	positive
the food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.	pastas	positive
the food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.	pizza	positive
food was very good, but not what i would consider out of this world.	food	positive
i had lobster bisque it has 2 oz. of maine lobster in it.	lobster bisque	positive
i had lobster bisque it has 2 oz. of maine lobster in it.	maine lobster	positive
try the pad thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!	pad thai	positive
try the pad thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!	prices	positive
food is great and inexpensive.	food	positive
the price very reasonable.	price	positive
dessert - can't be missed, so save room!!!	dessert	positive
it can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order, but once the food is ordered, you are in for a treat.	food	positive
ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.	ingredients	positive
it was so bad i actually refused to pay for my food.	food	negative
i recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.	cuisine	positive
i recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.	prices	positive
the staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.	staff	positive
the staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.	ambience	positive
the staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.	food	positive
i love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.	ingrediants	positive
i love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.	cuisine	positive
i love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.	food	positive
the pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	pizza	positive
the pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	wine	positive
the pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	service	positive
the pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	backyard dining area	positive
the waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.	waiters	positive
the waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.	food	positive
the waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.	bill	positive
the service was superb, they treat you like family.	service	positive
we all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, i felt there was more than enough food.	menu	positive
we all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, i felt there was more than enough food.	food	positive
it only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table, but standing up wasn't too bad.	table	positive
the menu may be small, but everything on it is delicious.	menu	negative
they had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -result - we had large chunks of burnt rice in our serving bowl.	rice	negative
they had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -result - we had large chunks of burnt rice in our serving bowl.	rice	negative
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but i thought a bit overpriced.	chocolate cake	conflict
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but i thought a bit overpriced.	vanilla gelato (with espresso)	conflict
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but i thought a bit overpriced.	dessert	conflict
warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).	surroundings	positive
warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).	dining rooms	neutral
we ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.	reservation	neutral
we ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.	table	positive
we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.the	reservation	positive
i would definitely go back for a very special occasion, but not for regular fine dining.	dining	neutral
the well mannered, pleasant staff that tony has in his employ.	staff	positive
the flavors robust and subtle.	flavors	positive
all i can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.	oysters	positive
all i can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.	quality	positive
i would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not that great.	table	neutral
we concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.	tiramisu chocolate cake	positive
the counter service is bad.	counter service	negative
service here was great, food was fantastic.	service	positive
service here was great, food was fantastic.	food	positive
this is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.	place	positive
the sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect.	sauce	positive
the sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect.	crust	positive
since my first dinner i have had the chance to have brunch at orsay 3x.	dinner	neutral
since my first dinner i have had the chance to have brunch at orsay 3x.	brunch	neutral
you will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny.	decore	negative
you will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny.	food	neutral
they have some great entrees here as well.	entrees	positive
the service is not consistently excellent -- just decent.	service	neutral
the food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.	food	positive
the food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.	served	neutral
the food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.	portions	positive
the food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.	dish	positive
they do cater to american palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!	cater	positive
i had the mango chicken and i can't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful.	mango chicken	positive
i had the mango chicken and i can't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful.	presentation	positive
i care more about the food and ambience.	food	neutral
i care more about the food and ambience.	ambience	neutral
oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).	drinks	negative
the service is fantastic.	service	positive
the garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city!	garlic mashed potatoes	positive
food and service was okay.	food	neutral
food and service was okay.	service	neutral
the lamb meat was under-cooked and extrmely chewy.	lamb meat	negative
the best pad thai i've ever had.	pad thai	positive
over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.	food quality	negative
over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.	service	negative
great pizza and fantastic service.	pizza	positive
great pizza and fantastic service.	service	positive
we were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.	waiter	negative
we were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.	red wine	neutral
we were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.	hot tea	neutral
we were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.	outside	neutral
i would just ask for no oil next time.	oil	negative
while this is a pretty place in that overly cute french way, the food was insultingly horrible.	place	positive
while this is a pretty place in that overly cute french way, the food was insultingly horrible.	food	negative
i went there for lunch and it was not as good as i expected from the reviews i read.	lunch	neutral
the wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.	wine list	negative
the wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.	desserts	negative
i ordered a lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it.	lassi	neutral
their coffee is quite good too!	coffee	positive
great wine list (italian), good food, service was initially fine.	wine list	positive
great wine list (italian), good food, service was initially fine.	food	positive
great wine list (italian), good food, service was initially fine.	service	conflict
despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.	space	positive
despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.	tables	negative
as far as the service goes, the waitresses were not particularly friendly, but they got the job done.	service	conflict
as far as the service goes, the waitresses were not particularly friendly, but they got the job done.	waitresses	conflict
they are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!	place	negative
i had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish ive requested.	dish	neutral
normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.	host	neutral
taxan delicious!	taxan	positive
unlike other places in nyc where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).	sandwiches	negative
unlike other places in nyc where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).	price	positive
unlike other places in nyc where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).	portion	positive
southern indian cuisine is still there, too.	southern indian cuisine	neutral
restaurant snobs need not bother, this is a small, neighborhood kind of place.	place	positive
they couldn't even make a salad that was appealing.	salad	negative
for two people with tip was less than $25 bucks.	tip	neutral
killer sushi!	sushi	positive
of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious!	food	positive
staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.	staffs	negative
staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.	taste	positive
the jukebox plays everything from italian opera to the strokes.	jukebox	positive
plus they made a perfect martini.	martini	positive
i am not sure if i would call the food here indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be french with an indian or exotic touch.	food	neutral
i've eaten thai many times, and am very familiar with the cuisine.	cuisine	neutral
the waiter was attentive.	waiter	positive
their margarita is best i've had since i've returned from naples!	margarita	positive
the tastes makes your mouth water for more.	tastes	positive
their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for purple haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!	sake list	positive
their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for purple haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!	purple haze	conflict
the tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	tables	negative
the tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	menu	neutral
the tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	wine list	negative
the food was actually aweful.	food	negative
they are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.	appetizer	positive
they are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.	portions	positive
they are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.	served	neutral
they are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.	lunch	neutral
there is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.	space	positive
there is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.	decor	positive
there is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.	dinner	neutral
we went around 9:30 on a friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!	service	positive
my husband and i both ordered the steak, medium.	steak	neutral
furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.	rice	negative
furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.	sushi	negative
furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.	seasoning	negative
this place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of japanese classic cuisine.	sushi	positive
this place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of japanese classic cuisine.	menu	positive
this place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of japanese classic cuisine.	japanese classic cuisine	positive
the sushi is average and the prices are anything but.	sushi	neutral
the sushi is average and the prices are anything but.	prices	neutral
my wife and i also enjoyed the spinach, the shanghai low mein, and other attractions.	spinach	positive
my wife and i also enjoyed the spinach, the shanghai low mein, and other attractions.	shanghai low mein	positive
owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit.	owner	neutral
turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down.	service	positive
several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces.	dim sum orders	neutral
if you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here!	dumpling	positive
three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.	wine menu	positive
three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.	entree	positive
three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.	horedevous	positive
the food is consistently wonderful - i've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.	food	positive
the food is consistently wonderful - i've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.	owner	positive
the waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as i would have expected.	waiters	negative
the waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as i would have expected.	owners	negative
and the food was fantastic.	food	positive
if you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).	drink	neutral
if you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).	hong-kong styled milk	positive
if you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).	tea with tapioca pearls (hot)	positive
aside from the sea urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including fatty yellow tail, boton shrimp, blue fin torro (fatty tuna), sea eel, etc.	chef	neutral
aside from the sea urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including fatty yellow tail, boton shrimp, blue fin torro (fatty tuna), sea eel, etc.	assortment of fish	neutral
aside from the sea urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including fatty yellow tail, boton shrimp, blue fin torro (fatty tuna), sea eel, etc.	fatty yellow tail	neutral
aside from the sea urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including fatty yellow tail, boton shrimp, blue fin torro (fatty tuna), sea eel, etc.	boton shrimp	neutral
aside from the sea urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including fatty yellow tail, boton shrimp, blue fin torro (fatty tuna), sea eel, etc.	sea eel	neutral
aside from the sea urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including fatty yellow tail, boton shrimp, blue fin torro (fatty tuna), sea eel, etc.	sea urchin	neutral
aside from the sea urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including fatty yellow tail, boton shrimp, blue fin torro (fatty tuna), sea eel, etc.	blue fin torro (fatty tuna)	neutral
they're also friendlier here, especially the owner, kenny.	owner	positive
while the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.	room	negative
while the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.	plate	positive
i've lived in nyc all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).	waterbugs	negative
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.	crew	positive
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.	staff	positive
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.	serving	positive
the ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.	ambiance	positive
the ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.	food	negative
the ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.	dishes	positive
the ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.	eggplant parmesan	positive
the ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.	veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca	positive
my host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.	host	neutral
my host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.	appetizers	neutral
my host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.	waiter	neutral
you can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!	chutneys	positive
the bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher! 2 for 1's.	bar	positive
the bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher! 2 for 1's.	mixed drink special	positive
if it isn't for the food (a+++), it must be the service or the ambience.	food	positive
if it isn't for the food (a+++), it must be the service or the ambience.	service	positive
if it isn't for the food (a+++), it must be the service or the ambience.	ambience	positive
during the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.	chef	negative
during the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.	staff	negative
i like the ambience, it's very dark and original.	ambience	positive
overall, not worth the money.	money	negative
this place is not worth the prices.	prices	negative
we left after one drink.	drink	neutral
pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city.	bagels	positive
you are paying for the atmosphere, which is nice, but can be had in numerous places in bay ridge.	atmosphere	conflict
yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.	waiting area	negative
yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.	seat	negative
yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.	bar	neutral
yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.	wait	negative
the last two times i ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  i could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.	food	negative
the last two times i ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  i could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.	flavor	negative
the last two times i ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  i could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.	dish	negative
the last two times i ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  i could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.	spice	negative
the fried dumplings are great!	fried dumplings	positive
this place has the best chinese style bbq ribs in the city.	bbq ribs	positive
ive been here so many times the waiters know my name.	waiters	neutral
the decor is very simple but comfortable.	decor	conflict
we figured we never had argentinian pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.	argentinian pizza	neutral
we figured we never had argentinian pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.	lunch	neutral
we figured we never had argentinian pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.	pelligrino	positive
we figured we never had argentinian pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.	pizza	positive
we figured we never had argentinian pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.	goat cheese	positive
we figured we never had argentinian pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.	blue cheese	positive
the 'kamasutra' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time.	kamasutra	positive
the 'kamasutra' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time.	bombay cosmopolitan	positive
this is the perfect date spot for williamsburg couples.	date spot	positive
the dim sum here is only so-so.	dim sum	neutral
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.	food	positive
just straight up cheap, good food.	food	positive
seating is ok even though sometimes there's alot of people.	seating	neutral
even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine, if you can call $70.00 inexpensive, the cost is through the roof for better than average fare.	cost	negative
even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine, if you can call $70.00 inexpensive, the cost is through the roof for better than average fare.	botle of wine	conflict
service was slow, but the people were friendly.	service	negative
service was slow, but the people were friendly.	people	positive
the steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty.	steak	negative
the steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty.	sauce	negative
the staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful!	staff	positive
the staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful!	food	positive
the staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful!	atmosphere	positive
the food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not (like the steak dish which tends to be dry).	food	conflict
the food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not (like the steak dish which tends to be dry).	steak dish	negative
they have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody.	menu	positive
the staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.	staff	negative
the staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.	sushi	neutral
the staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.	check	neutral
the staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.	dinner	neutral
the staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.	bar	neutral
as a long-time patron of mamoun's, i always figured that i had found the best late night food spot in the city.	food spot	positive
the bagel was huge.	bagel	neutral
get the tuna of gari.	tuna	positive
i like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.	somosas	positive
i like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.	chai	positive
i like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.	chole	positive
i like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.	dhosas	negative
i like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.	dhal	negative
edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.	prices	negative
the staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.	staff	conflict
the staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.	bathroom	negative
the service was the only thing good about this restaurant.	service	positive
service- friendly and attentive.	service	positive
service was very prompt but slightly rushed.	service	conflict
great food, great decor, great service.	food	positive
great food, great decor, great service.	decor	positive
great food, great decor, great service.	service	positive
and, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we asked for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.	tables	neutral
and, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we asked for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.	space	neutral
the palak paneer was standard, and i was not a fan of the malai kofta.	palak paneer	neutral
the palak paneer was standard, and i was not a fan of the malai kofta.	malai kofta	neutral
i've dined at alain ducasse's restaurant in monte carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience.	dining	positive
i've dined at alain ducasse's restaurant in monte carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience.	price	positive
yeah, sometimes the service can be slow.	service	negative
there was no ambiance.	ambiance	negative
save your money and don't waste your calories, go to margharita's on washington street instead, they have amazing food and the best service.	food	positive
save your money and don't waste your calories, go to margharita's on washington street instead, they have amazing food and the best service.	service	positive
the service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.	service	positive
the service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.	dish	positive
the service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.	spring rolls	positive
the service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.	cod with pineapple tempura	positive
the only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price x4, which makes no sense whatsoever.	bottle	neutral
the only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price x4, which makes no sense whatsoever.	waitress	negative
the only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price x4, which makes no sense whatsoever.	price	negative
they sell special sushi, everything have a topping, sauce and etc.	sushi	positive
they sell special sushi, everything have a topping, sauce and etc.	sauce	positive
they sell special sushi, everything have a topping, sauce and etc.	topping	positive
do not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.	taste	negative
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.	service	positive
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.	place	negative
the service was excellent and the food was delicious.	service	positive
the service was excellent and the food was delicious.	food	positive
service was also very good.	service	positive
i took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing, really good meal.	meal	positive
i would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it, but they were not!	portions	negative
i would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it, but they were not!	qualities	negative
i'm happy to have nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.	food	positive
good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on fridays.	atmosphere	positive
good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on fridays.	music	positive
good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on fridays.	dress cod	negative
love the food.	food	positive
i would highly recommend nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.	candles	positive
i would highly recommend nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.	dinner	positive
i would highly recommend nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.	surrounding	positive
i would highly recommend nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.	pictures	positive
all the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews.	desserts	positive
there's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style.	sake	positive
it's a nice place to relax and have conversation.	place	positive
best reuben sandwich ever!	reuben sandwich	positive
lucky strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.	place	positive
wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!	strawberry daiquiries	positive
going to volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great italian cook.	dinner	neutral
the sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).	sushi	negative
the sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).	wait service	negative
the sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).	atmosphere	conflict
the sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).	area	negative
frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side.	frites	positive
here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid.	zen feel	positive
i would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.	drink	neutral
i would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.	bar	neutral
i would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.	wait time	negative
i fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of bbq roast pork.	egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of bbq roast pork	positive
i keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table i can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people.	table	neutral
i keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table i can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people.	rice congee soup	neutral
overall, the best bagel in town.	bagel	positive
light, refreshing summer rolls (not fried) remind me of vietnamese places in paris.	summer rolls	positive
the sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.	sushi	positive
but the service was a bit slow.	service	negative
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.	spreads	positive
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.	toppings	positive
when i saw that their website had a link to da ciro in napoli, i knew there was going to be good pizza!	pizza	positive
no one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates.	plates	neutral
indoor was very cozy and cute.	indoor	positive
we had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.	brunch	positive
we had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.	mimosas	positive
and their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!	prices	negative
and their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!	prices	negative
and their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!	food	negative
and their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!	service	negative
the service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.	service	positive
the service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.	food	positive
the service is good and the resturant is clean.	service	positive
great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.	drinks	positive
great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.	dinner	positive
great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.	spot	positive
just stick with the small dishes!	dishes	negative
the cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.	cafe	positive
the cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.	outdoor chairs	positive
the cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.	tables	positive
the cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.	service	negative
i've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years i've been going.	staff	positive
food is excellent.	food	positive
although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.	salads	positive
although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.	lettuce	neutral
although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.	walnuts	neutral
excellent lunch buffet for only $6.95.	lunch buffet	positive
if you're not familiar with the cuisine, you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they don't accept credit cards.	cuisine	negative
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.	priced	positive
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.	dinner	positive
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.	lunch	positive
ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.	ambience	positive
the portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.	portion sizes	positive
the portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.	sushi	positive
my boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly!	tuna	positive
this wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but i thought that was what made the place so special.	menu	neutral
this wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but i thought that was what made the place so special.	pad thai	neutral
this wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but i thought that was what made the place so special.	tom yum soup	neutral
good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).	food	positive
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.	caviar	positive
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.	service	positive
you can't say its cheap because food is cheaper in chinatown.	food	conflict
i have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good.	food	positive
i wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but i guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.	wait	negative
great eats, good times.	eats	positive
grilled whole fish wonderful, great spicing.	fish	positive
for years, i thought tuscan cuisine was the best, but salvatore converted me to the hearty neapolitan fare on my first visit.	tuscan cuisine	conflict
for years, i thought tuscan cuisine was the best, but salvatore converted me to the hearty neapolitan fare on my first visit.	neapolitan fare	positive
plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!	entrees	negative
plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!	summer rolls	positive
plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!	owner	positive
the service was great as well.	service	positive
try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.	lobster teriyaki	positive
try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.	rose special roll	positive
another plus is most of the entrees are approx.	entrees	positive
the food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted plate 347 as our secret on second!	food	positive
the food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted plate 347 as our secret on second!	atmosphere	positive
from the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed.	place	negative
i found the food, service and value exceptional everytime i have been there.	food	positive
i found the food, service and value exceptional everytime i have been there.	service	positive
i found the food, service and value exceptional everytime i have been there.	value	positive
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.	foods	negative
the food is definitely good, but i left a bit disappointed.	food	positive
i am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and i was still hungry after my visit to this place!	glass of wine	neutral
i am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and i was still hungry after my visit to this place!	glass of beer	neutral
i am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and i was still hungry after my visit to this place!	dinner	neutral
the drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.	drinks	positive
the drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.	service staff	negative
there is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have major attitude.	delivery guys	negative
the all-italian staff is warm and engaging from the start.	staff	positive
the prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.	prices	positive
the prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.	food	positive
if you go here - your focus should be the tamarind margaritas.	tamarind margaritas	positive
the filet mignon dish was superb!	filet mignon dish	positive
i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.	food	positive
i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.	getting a table	positive
this place is the most japanese it can ever get.	place	positive
the food is good, i can't lie.	food	positive
great food, lt's of it, more then one person can eat!	food	positive
i didn't expect to like nosh as much as i did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich i had was otherworldly, the soups are like mom's, and the knishes give yonah schimmel's a run for its money.	pastrami on challah sandwich	positive
i didn't expect to like nosh as much as i did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich i had was otherworldly, the soups are like mom's, and the knishes give yonah schimmel's a run for its money.	soups	positive
i didn't expect to like nosh as much as i did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich i had was otherworldly, the soups are like mom's, and the knishes give yonah schimmel's a run for its money.	knishes	positive
the atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a sushi establishment in tokyo.	atmosphere	neutral
cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.	atomosphere	positive
cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.	tables	positive
this place is worth going even if only for their beer.	beer	positive
i really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).	scallops	positive
i really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).	mahi mahi (on saffron risotto	positive
the ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.	ambience	positive
the ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.	prices	positive
the ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.	food	positive
do not get the go go hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.	go go hamburgers	negative
the sandwhiches are out-of-this world!	sandwhiches	positive
if you live in upper manhattan, siam square is the place for thia food.	thia food	positive
decor is charming.	decor	positive
the food was very well prepared.	food	positive
really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.	spring rolls	positive
really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.	noodles	positive
really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.	price	positive
good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.	dim sum	negative
good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.	food	positive
good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.	portions	negative
good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.	dishes	neutral
good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.	dish	neutral
while most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in new york bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.	drinks	negative
while most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in new york bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.	bars	negative
while most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in new york bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.	drinks	positive
complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, i received my dessert on a plate that had happy birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.	stuff	positive
complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, i received my dessert on a plate that had happy birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.	waiter	positive
complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, i received my dessert on a plate that had happy birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.	dessert	positive
complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, i received my dessert on a plate that had happy birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.	staff	positive
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called, cold and soggy.	food	negative
if you go for the pre-theatre menu, it's an even greater deal.	pre-theatre menu	positive
if you are someone who appreciates simplicity, elegance, and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size, kai is your place.	seafood	positive
if you are someone who appreciates simplicity, elegance, and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size, kai is your place.	vegetables	positive
if you are someone who appreciates simplicity, elegance, and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size, kai is your place.	portion size	negative
the prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.	prices	positive
the prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.	quality	positive
the prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.	quantity	positive
the prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.	freshness	positive
the prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.	taste	positive
check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.	stomach	positive
check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.	wallet	positive
little tonino's is just awesome, our favorite delivery place in kennsington, honestly the best gnochi i have ever had!	gnochi	positive
incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices.	service	negative
incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices.	food quality	negative
incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices.	prices	negative
i have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal.	meal	positive
i go back in line like three times on average until i can't walk anymore.	line	negative
we usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.	dinner specials	positive
we usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.	priced	positive
horrible food and horrible service.	food	negative
horrible food and horrible service.	service	negative
the wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.	wine	positive
the wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.	cheese	positive
the wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.	fondue	positive
the wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.	table grilling	positive
they treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.	food	positive
their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.	exotic salad	positive
their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.	green salad	positive
their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.	sweet basil fried tofu	positive
their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.	peanut sauce	positive
the big complaint: no toasting available.	toasting	negative
even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.	food	positive
even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.	garden	positive
even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.	place	positive
volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.	service	positive
the food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.	food	negative
the food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.	waiter	negative
the food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.	wine	negative
the food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.	meal	neutral
the chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites.	chicken	positive
the chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites.	steak	positive
the chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites.	lamb sandwhich	positive
we saw them heating up at least one frozen item though i'm not sure which dim sum dish it was.	dim sum dish	negative
no you're going to go back because the food was good.	food	positive
the food was great and the service was even better.	food	positive
the food was great and the service was even better.	service	positive
while this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.	rice	positive
while this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.	entrees	positive
traditional french decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.	traditional french decour	positive
traditional french decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.	hall	negative
the fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).	fish	positive
the fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).	sushi chef	positive
the fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).	wasabi	positive
the fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).	soy sauce	positive
the fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).	sea salt	positive
consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.	burgers	negative
my son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge!	cheeseburgers	positive
i really recommend the very simple unda (egg) rolls.	unda (egg) rolls	positive
very good wine choices.	wine choices	positive
this is the only thai place i go too in nyc, it's wonderful, and live relaxed jazz on certain nights.	jazz	positive
we were seated and ignored by waitstaff.	waitstaff	negative
if you are in a big group, this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here.	lazy susans	positive
if you are in a big group, this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here.	tables	positive
they showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt.	tuna	positive
tasty steak, pork loin, the works.	steak	positive
tasty steak, pork loin, the works.	pork loin	positive
i went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and didn't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait.	table	neutral
i went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and didn't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait.	wait	negative
i'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.	setting	positive
i'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.	service	positive
the burger was great, also.	burger	positive
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.	discount	negative
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.	service	negative
just because it's cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, it is great!	portions	positive
just because it's cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, it is great!	food	positive
the pizza was great.	pizza	positive
i had never had edamame pureed before but i thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).	edamame pureed	positive
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.	service	negative
when we notified him that he didn't mention the specials, he didn't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless.	specials	neutral
the price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate.	price	positive
the price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate.	appetizers	positive
the price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate.	food	positive
don't dine at tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.	vegetarian dishes	negative
don't dine at tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.	non-veg selections	positive
kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family.	owner	positive
they need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.	sushi	positive
they need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.	place	positive
i've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait.	lunch	neutral
i've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait.	wait	positive
all in all the food was above average and i would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners.	food	positive
all in all the food was above average and i would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners.	dinners	neutral
delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	food	positive
delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	service	positive
delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	atmosphere	positive
delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	lunch buffet	positive
delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	dinner	positive
delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	lunch	positive
for appetizers, i recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.	appetizers	neutral
for appetizers, i recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.	shrimp fritters	positive
for appetizers, i recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.	dumplings	positive
such nice people working here - but i have to review the food.	people	positive
such nice people working here - but i have to review the food.	food	neutral
the restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible, reaching for sunglasses.	spot lights	negative
try the times square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka (also available without vodka.)	times square cocktail	positive
try the times square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka (also available without vodka.)	ginger lemonade with vodka	positive
veal parmigana - better than patsy's!	veal parmigana	positive
great wine, great food.	wine	positive
great wine, great food.	food	positive
the service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.	service	neutral
the service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.	air conditioning	negative
the service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.	meal	negative
the food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.	food	positive
the food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.	staff	positive
went to ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as i love la pizza fresca).	pizza	neutral
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.	sushi	negative
however, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	food	positive
however, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	price	positive
however, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	decor	negative
what makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in nyc that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.	sichuan cooking	positive
what makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in nyc that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.	chongqing hotpot	positive
our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.	table	negative
our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.	waiter traffic	negative
our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.	dinner plates	negative
sake collection was excellent (try nanbu bijin), but pricy.	sake collection	conflict
sake collection was excellent (try nanbu bijin), but pricy.	nanbu bijin	positive
interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole.	dishes	positive
interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole.	chicken in curry sauc	positive
interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole.	salmon caserole	positive
one of my favorites though was the angry lobster, a cold lobster salad that was magnificent.	angry lobster	positive
one of my favorites though was the angry lobster, a cold lobster salad that was magnificent.	cold lobster salad	positive
ask for usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.	bartender	positive
the service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.	service	positive
the service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.	crab-cake eggs benedict	positive
the place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.	decor	positive
the place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.	bathrooms	positive
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to suan again and again.	location	positive
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to suan again and again.	prices	positive
a wonderful place!	place	positive
service was on par but not wonderful.	service	conflict
deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area.	deliveries	negative
deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area.	prices	negative
kind of a small place but i guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids.	place	negative
we also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.	hot dogs	neutral
we also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.	menu	neutral
i've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.	chicken with garlic sauce	neutral
i've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.	chicken with black bean sauce	neutral
i've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.	hunan chicken	neutral
because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.	take-out pies	negative
because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.	crust	negative
the dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it.	dish	neutral
the dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it.	beef	neutral
we got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.	bannan fritter	neutral
we got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.	served	neutral
it might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.	rice	neutral
it might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.	water	neutral
this place is always very crowded and popular.	place	positive
appetizers are somewhere around $7 each and the main dishes are between $11 and $16.	appetizers	neutral
appetizers are somewhere around $7 each and the main dishes are between $11 and $16.	main dishes	neutral
my wife and i went to orsay for valentine's dinner.	dinner	neutral
i don't know about you guys, but when i go somewhere to eat i go for the food not for the atmosphere.	food	neutral
i don't know about you guys, but when i go somewhere to eat i go for the food not for the atmosphere.	atmosphere	neutral
they should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies.	mascarpone with chocolate chip	conflict
a gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.	manager	negative
a gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.	table	neutral
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant, then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers.	appetizers	neutral
i've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer.	pizza	neutral
i've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer.	caprese salad appetizer	neutral
he was terribly thirsty after the meal too.	meal	negative
i wasn't there for the half-price saturday night special, but tuesday night.	half-price saturday night special	neutral
if you like the food and the value you get from some of chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.	food	neutral
if you like the food and the value you get from some of chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.	value	neutral
the selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available.	selection	neutral
the selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available.	basic dishes	neutral
get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.	soup	positive
get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.	nosh (pastrami sandwich)	positive
i have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch- i dont mind.	lunch	neutral
my family and i ate here last night for our annual christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town.	christmas dinner	neutral
i grew up on these bagels.	bagels	positive
we were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.	table	negative
the restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must.	reservations	neutral
to my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.	hostess	negative
to my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.	busboy	neutral
to my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.	table	neutral
after dealing with subpar pizza all over the kensington neighborhood - i've found little toninos.	pizza	negative
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.	dinosaur rolls	neutral
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.	white tuna sashimi	neutral
i'm partial to the gnocchi.	gnocchi	positive
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they'd treat us well for the occasion.	reservation	neutral
note that they do not serve beer, you must bring your own.	beer	negative
we ate outside at haru's sake bar because haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.	bar	neutral
the service was typical short-order, dinner type.	service	neutral
we shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while i had the sashimi.	bottle of sake	neutral
we shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while i had the sashimi.	edamames	neutral
we shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while i had the sashimi.	sushi plate	neutral
we shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while i had the sashimi.	sashimi	neutral
i can't believe people complain about no cheese sticks?	cheese sticks	neutral
from the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.	appetizers	positive
from the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.	dim sum	positive
from the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.	foods	positive
from the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.	food	positive
each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.	table	neutral
each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.	pot of boiling water	neutral
each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.	meats	neutral
each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.	vegetables	neutral
each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.	rice	neutral
each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.	glass noodles	neutral